0 	Privacy Policy   Sci-News.com is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. To better inform you of our policy concerning user privacy, we have adopted the following terms. Please note that these terms are subject to change, and any such changes will be included on this page.  
1 	Information that Sci-News.com May Collect Online   Sci-News.com may collect and process the following data about you:   - information that you provide by filling in forms on our site, including names, e-mail and website addresses; we may also ask you for information for other purposes, for example when you report a problem with our site;  
0 	- if you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence;  
1 	- details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data.  
0 	Sci-News.com does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. We assume that minors 13 years of age or older have received permission from their parents or guardians before using this website. Parents or guardians may contact us at privacy@sci-news.com with questions or concerns about our privacy policy.  
1 	Use of Cookies   Sci-News.com uses cookie technology. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer or mobile phone browser from a websites computer and is stored on your devices hard drive. A website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browsers preferences allow it, but your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other websites. Many websites do this whenever a user visits their website in order to track online traffic flows.  
1 	During the course of any visit to the Sci-News.com website, the pages you see, along with a cookie, are downloaded to your device. A website does this because cookies enable a publisher to find out whether the device has visited the website before. This is done on a repeat visit by checking to see, and finding, the cookie left there on the last visit.  
0 	Please note that during or after your visits to the Sci-News.com website you may notice some cookies that are not related to it. Sci-News.com does not control the dissemination of these cookies. You must check the third party websites for more information about these.  
0 	You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the site.  
0 	Disclosure of Your Information   Sci-News.com does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to third parties. If we choose to do so in the future, you will be notified by email of our intentions, and have the right to be removed prior to the disclosure.  
0 	Your Consent and Rights   By using Sci-News.com, you consent to the collection and use, in accordance with this policy, of the information you provide to us.  
0 	We will remove you and your personally identifiable information from our records on request if you contact us with your request at privacy@sci-news.com.  
0 	Contact Us   If you have any inquiries about this Privacy Policy or its implementation, you may contact us at privacy@sci-news.com.
0 	RedOrbit, Inc. Privacy Statement  
0 	This privacy statement covers the site new.www.redorbit.com. Because this Web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to our users' privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices.   What personally identifiable information RedOrbit, Inc. collects.  What personally identifiable information third parties collect through the Web site.  What organization collects the information.  How RedOrbit, Inc. uses the information.  With whom RedOrbit, Inc. may share user information.  What choices are available to users regarding collection, use and distribution of the information.  What types of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under RedOrbit, Inc. control.  How users can correct any inaccuracies in the information. 
1 	 Information Collection and Use    Information Collection   RedOrbit, Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on RedOrbit.com. RedOrbit, Inc. collects information from our users at several different points on our Web site.  
1 	Registration   In order to use this Web site, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give contact information (such as name and email address). We use this information to contact the user about services on our site for which he has expressed interest. It is optional for the user to provide demographic information (such as income level and gender), and unique identifiers (such as, username and password), but encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience on our site.  
1 	Order   We request information from the user on our order form. A user must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders. If we have trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact the user.  
1 	 Information Use    Profile   We store information that we collect through cookies, log files, clear gifs, and/or third parties to create a profile of our users. A profile is stored information that we keep on individual users that details their viewing preferences. Consequently, collected information is tied to the users personally identifiable information to provide offers and improve the content of the site for the user. This profile is used to tailor a user's visit to our Web site, and to direct pertinent marketing promotions to them. We do not share your profile with other third parties.  
1 	Cookies   A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. We use both session ID cookies [and] persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions.  
1 	We use cookies to enhance the RedOrbit experience. By setting a cookie on our site, users would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If users reject the cookie, they may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site. For example, the user will not be able to participate in any of our sweepstakes, contests or monthly drawings that take place. Persistent cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. See the 'Profile' section.  
0 	Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies, once we have given permission for them to set cookies for advertising.  
0 	Third Party Advertising   The ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to users by our ad serving software. Information about users' visit to this site, such as number of times they have viewed an ad (but not user name, address, or other personal information), is used to serve ads to users on this site.  
0 	 This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by RedOrbit, Inc. only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.    Third Party Advertising - Advertising.com   We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp  
0 	Third Party Cookies   In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser.  
1 	Log Files   Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user?s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information We use a tracking utility called ClickTracks that uses log files to analyze user movement.  
1 	Clear Gifs (Web Beacons/Web Bugs)   We employ a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. The main difference between the two is that clear gifs are invisible on the page and are much smaller, about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. Clear gifs are not tied to users? personally identifiable information.  
0 	Clear Gifs can "work with" existing cookies on a computer if they are both from the same Web site or advertising company. That means, for example, that if a person visited 'www.companyX.com', which uses an advertising company's clear gif, the Web would match the clear gif's identifier and the advertising company's cookie ID number, to show the past online behavior for that computer.  
1 	In addition, we use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by the recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. If users would like to opt-out of these emails, please see the Opt-out section.  
0 	 Communications from the Site    Special Offers and Updates   We send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see the Choice and Opt-out sections.  
1 	Newsletter   If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and email address. Out of respect for our users privacy we provide a way to opt-out of these communications. Please see the Choice and Opt-out sections.  
0 	Service Announcements   On rare occasions it is necessary to send out a strictly service related announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance we might send users an email. Generally, users may not opt-out of these communications, though they can deactivate their account. However, these communications are not promotional in nature.  
0 	Customer Service   We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account we reply via email or phone, in accordance with the users wishes.  
0 	 Sharing    Legal Disclaimer   Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.  
0 	Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable)   We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personally identifiable information.  
0 	These are the instances in which we will share users personal information:  
0 	 We DO NOT Share Personal Information with Third Parties    Third Party Intermediaries   We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.  
0 	Business Transitions   In the event RedOrbit, Inc. goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, users' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Users will be notified via email prior to a change of ownership or control of their personal information. If as a result of the business transition, the users? personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection they will be given choice consistent with our notification of changes section.  
0 	Choice/Opt-out   Our users are given the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for information. For example, our order form has an 'opt-out' mechanism so users who buy a product from us, but don't want any marketing material, can keep their email address off of our lists.  
0 	Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in the email.  
0 	Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether or not they should proceed with services that require an outside party.  
0 	Links   This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, RedOrbit Inc., are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.  
1 	Surveys [ Contests]   From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Anonymous Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site. Users? personally identifiable information is not shared with third parties unless we give prior notice and choice. Though we may use an intermediary to conduct these surveys or contests, they may not use users' personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.  
1 	Tell-A-Friend   If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. RedOrbit, Inc. will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. RedOrbit, Inc. stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. The friend may contact RedOrbit, Inc. to request the removal of this information from our database.  
0 	Security   This Web site takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, their information is protected both online and off-line.  
0 	When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just 'surfing'.  
0 	While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to user information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our users' information is protected. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment, behind a locked cage in a locked facility.  
0 	Supplementation of Information   In order for this Web site to properly fulfill its obligation to users it is necessary for us to supplement the information we receive with information from 3rd party sources.  
0 	Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information   If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users' personally identifiable information. This can usually be done at the member information page or by emailing our Customer Support.  
0 	Notification of Changes   If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.  
0 	If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our Web site notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post a notice we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.  
0 	Third Party Advertising   We use MaxOnline and other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please click here www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp  
0 	Third Party Cookies  
0 	In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.  
0 	Contact Information  
0 	If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:   Web site URL : new.www.redorbit.com
0 	 AOL Privacy Policy     Last updated: June 23, 2015   
0 	AOL is now part of the Verizon family of companies. Additional privacy practices are described in the Verizon Privacy Policy. In the event of a conflict between this Privacy Policy and the Verizon Privacy Policy, the AOL Privacy Policy will control when you are on an AOL site or using and AOL product or service.  
0 	At AOL, it's our mission to provide users with rich, interactive online experiences. From Pulitzer-Prize winning journalism on the Huffington Post, to the latest technology news on TechCrunch, to up-to-the-minute traffic information on MapQuest, our websites, apps, and other services and software are designed to keep you informed, entertained and delighted. We also operate some of the industry's best-known advertising services, including Adap.tv and Advertising.com.  
1 	We're always working to make our services even better. One of the ways we do that is by analyzing information we collect and receive about users in order to figure out what they might be interested in. This helps us develop more engaging content and provide more effective advertising, which enables us to keep most of our services free.  
0 	This Privacy Policy describes how we handle the information we collect and receive about users. There are three things you should keep in mind as you read it:     First, the Privacy Policy applies to AOL services that link to or refer to this Privacy Policy. These services include websites, mobile apps, other online services and anything else that links to or refers to this policy. To keep things simple, we refer to all these services as our "Services."     Second, the Privacy Policy applies no matter what computer or device you use to access our Services.     Third, we may provide additional information about the privacy practices of some of our Services. Although this Privacy Policy applies to all AOL services that refer or link to it, you should read the additional information, too. Some of this information is linked from various places in the Privacy Policy, and some is available through the individual Services that you use. We've done our best to keep this Privacy Policy short and simple, but if you have any questions about it, we hope you'll let us know.  
0 	Information We Collect and Receive   We collect and receive information about users in a few different ways:  
1 	Information you give us . You can give us information directly. For example:     When you sign up for an AOL account you may give us information such as your name, zip code, and date of birth;     When you purchase one of our paid services, you give us your billing information, which may include your credit card data;     When you use Moviefone, you can give us your zip code so that we can tell you where and when movies are playing;     When you post comments in response to a story or video on any of our Services, we-and other users-receive that information; and     When you use the " My Portfolios" feature on DailyFinance, you can give us information about your investments so that we can provide you with up-to-the-second market news and commentary relevant to your holdings. (Your use of AOL financial features is subject to additional privacy terms.)     When you otherwise contact us or provide us information directly.  
1 	Information we collect or receive when you use our Services . We also collect or receive information when you use our Services. We collect some of this information using cookies, web beacons, and other technologies. Depending on how you access and use our Services, we may receive:  
1 	Log information . This is information we automatically collect and store when you use our Services or other companies' websites and apps in the AOL Advertising Network. It may include, for example:     Information about your interactions with the websites, apps, and other services you use, the content you view, the search queries you submit, and information in cookies and similar technologies;     Information about how you access those websites, apps, and other services, your browser or operating system, your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, and the website you visited before visiting our Services.  
1 	Device information . This is information we automatically collect and store about the device you use when you access our Services or the services in the AOL Advertising Network. (Note that by "device," we mean anything you use to access our Services. For more information about our privacy practices in connection with mobile devices, please review the Supplemental Mobile Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.) Device information includes, for example:     The type of device you're using (e.g., an iPhone);     Certain device identifiers which may be unique to your device; and     Your Internet service provider.  
1 	Location information . This information can include, for example, your device's GPS signal and information about nearby WiFi networks and cell towers. We get this information when you use location-enabled services like MapQuest, which can give you driving directions based on your current location.  
1 	Other information . Please note that AOL may use information about your use of certain AOL communication tools (for example, AOL Mail and AOL Instant Messenger); however, when you use AOL communication tools, AOL does not read your private online communications without your consent.  
1 	Information from third-party sources . We may receive additional information about you that is publicly or commercially available and combine that with the information we have collected or received about you in other ways. Also, we receive information about you when you choose to connect with social networking services while using our Services. Learn more about how that works here. Additionally, when you use AOL software (such as the AOL desktop software, AOL toolbars, or AIM), we may collect information about other software on your device for the limited purposes of providing the service you are using and improving the security of our services.  
0 	How We Use the Information We Collect and Receive   We use the information we collect and receive for the following general purposes:  
1 	To provide our Services. We use the information we collect and receive to provide you with the Services you use or request. For example:     If you request local movie show times from Moviefone, we might use your location information to provide you with times at nearby theaters;     If you sign up to receive the daily headlines from Huffington Post, we'll use your email address to deliver them to you; and     If you ask us to remember your login information for AOL Services, we'll use information stored in cookies when you return to those websites.  
1 	To improve our Services . We also use the information we collect and receive to provide content and advertising that people are likely to find relevant and engaging. For example:     If we notice that Huffington Post users in general prefer national political commentary, we might put that content in a special place on the website or in the app;     If we notice that a user is searching for sports cars on AOL Autos, we might show the user an ad for a sports car on AOL.com or on other sites in the AOL Advertising Network; and     If we receive information from users that a Service isn't working properly, we may use that information to address any problem.  
1 	To provide effective advertising . Many of our Services are supported by advertising, and some of our Services provide advertising on our websites and apps, and on third-party websites and apps. We use the information we collect and receive to make the advertising we provide more effective. Some of the ways we do this are:     Showing you ads based on your online activities, such as the websites and applications you use, the content you view, and the searches you submit on those applications     Limiting the number of times you see the same ad; and     Measuring the effectiveness of the ads we serve. Learn more about advertising and privacy on our Services.  
0 	How We Share the Information We Collect and Receive   We don't rent or sell personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes. But we may share certain information we collect or receive with third parties to provide products and services you have requested, when we have your consent, or as described in this Privacy Policy.  
0 	We may share information with:   Affiliates . The information one AOL affiliate receives can be shared among other AOL affiliates, including the Verizon family of companies.   Business partners . We may share non-personally identifiable information with select business partners, who may use the information for a variety of purposes, including to provide you with relevant advertising.  
0 	Other parties in response to legal process or when necessary to protect our Services . We may disclose your information-including the contents of your communications with other parties-to other parties, such as when we have a good faith belief that:     It is necessary to respond to lawful governmental requests or legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant, or subpoena);     The information is relevant to a crime that has been or is being committed;     An emergency exists that poses a threat to your safety or the safety of another person; or     It is necessary to protect the rights or property of AOL.  
0 	Other parties in connection with certain business transactions . In the event that the ownership of AOL Inc. or an affiliate or their assets changes as a result of a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, or in the unlikely event of a bankruptcy, your information may be transferred to another company. If we believe a transfer results in a material change in the use of the information we've collected or received about you, you will be given the opportunity to opt out of the transfer.  
0 	 Companies that Provide Services to AOL    Companies that provide services to us or act on our behalf may have access to information about you. These companies are limited in their ability to use information they receive in the course of providing services to us.  
0 	Third Parties that Provide Content, Advertising Services, or Functionality on Our Services  
0 	Some of the content, advertising, and functionality on our Services may be provided by third parties that are not affiliated with us. Such third parties include:     Advertising providers, which help us and our advertising customers provide ads that are tailored to users' interests and understand how users respond to those ads;     Audience-measurement companies, which help us measure the overall usage of our Services and compare that usage to other online services; and     Social networking services (like Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Google ) that enable you to login to certain of our Services and to share things you find on our Services with your social network. These and other third parties may collect or receive information about your use of our Services, including through the use of cookies, web beacons and other technologies, and this information may be collected over time and combined with information collected on different websites and online services.  
0 	Note that some of these companies participate in industry-developed programs designed to provide consumers with choices about whether to receive targeted ads. To learn more, please visit the websites of the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance. For more information about privacy and advertising on our Services, please visit Advertising, Analytics and Privacy.  
1 	If you choose to connect with a social networking service, such as Facebook, we may share information with that service, and that service may share information about you with us. We may use the information for the reasons explained in this Privacy Policy, but the main reason we use it is to make your experience on our Services more personal and social. For example, we might show you what content is popular among your connections on the social networking service or give you a glimpse of what your friends are saying about that content.  
0 	It's important to remember that we don't control the privacy practices of these (or any other) third-party services. So we encourage you to read the privacy policies of the services before connecting to them.  
0 	"Do Not Track" Signals   Some web browsers may transmit "do not track" signals to the websites and other online services with which the browser communicates. There is no standard that governs what, if anything, websites should do when they receive these signals. AOL currently does not take action in response to these signals. If and when a standard for responding is established, we may revisit its policy on responding to these signals.  
0 	Choices   You have a number of choices about how we handle your information:  
0 	  If you're a registered AOL user, you can access your registration information and any billing or shipping information and edit this information by visiting " My Account."  
0 	  If you're a registered AOL user, you can visit AOL Marketing Preferences to review your marketing preferences and make choices about how your information may be used to provide marketing offers to you. Note that these preferences do not apply to communications that are directly related to your registration with AOL or the fulfillment of a specific transaction you have requested (for example, a service advisory from AOL or an acknowledgment of a purchase order).  
0 	  Visit our Advertising, Analytics and Privacy page to learn more about your choices related to use of your information for online advertising. You can also opt out of receiving targeted ads from AOL by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance's consumer choice page and selecting AOL Advertising.  
0 	  Some of our Services ( AOL Search and Netscape ISP, for example) may also offer you the ability to manage and control information collected or used when you use these services.  
0 	  If you're using a mobile device, please visit our Mobile Device Choices page for information about the choices we provide to mobile users.  
0 	 Our Commitment to Security    Although no one can guarantee the security of the information collected and received, we do employ a number of safeguards intended to mitigate the risk of unauthorized access or disclosure of this information. Examples of the types of safeguards we may provide (depending on the circumstances) include:     Storing the data you provide in controlled facilities;     Using HTTPS encryption when you authenticate (i.e., log into one of our Services), which helps prevent unauthorized access to your login credentials;     Limiting access to personal information to employees who need that access to perform their jobs; and     Providing company-wide training on privacy and data security.  
0 	Children's Privacy   Our Services are intended for a general audience. We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from children under the age of 13 without prior parental consent, except as permitted by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. If you are a parent who consents to the collection of personal information from your child, you agree that your child may use all of our Services and that we may collect, use, and disclose your child's personal information consistent with AOL's Important Note to Parents and this Privacy Policy.  
0 	If you have questions concerning our information practices with respect to children, or if you would like to review, have deleted, or stop the further collection of your child's personal information, you may contact us:  
0 	By mail:   AOL Children's Online Privacy   ATT: H2A:C05   22000 AOL Way   Dulles, VA 20166-9302   By phone: (888) 206-6088   By email   International users  
0 	AOL is based in the United States, and, regardless of where you use our Services or otherwise provide information to us, the information may be transferred to and maintained on servers located in the U.S. Please note that any information we obtain about you will be stored in accordance with U.S. privacy laws, regulations, and standarsds, which may not be equivalent to the laws in your country of residence. By using our Services or by providing us with your information, you consent to this collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to and in the U.S.  
0 	AOL Inc. complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. AOL has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view AOLs certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.  
0 	 How to Contact Us    If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or about AOL's privacy practices in general, please send us an email.  
0 	Changes to This Privacy Policy and Additional Information  
0 	We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and so you should review this Policy periodically. If there are significant changes to AOL's information practices, you will be provided with appropriate online notice.
0 	STATEMENT OF PRIVACY ( 12/23/2014, UNITED STATES ONLY)  
0 	American Honda Motor Co., Inc. (American Honda) is considerate of the privacy of our visitors and the individual sensitivities of personal information. At American Honda, we believe the confidentiality and protection of customer information is one of our fundamental responsibilities. Because privacy and consumer trust are important to us, we provide this privacy statement for you to explain our policies in detail. While information is critical to providing quality service, we recognize that one of our most important assets is our customers' trust. Our goal is to protect your information.  
0 	This statement explains our privacy policies and procedures in connection with data collection and usage governing the American Honda Family of Web Sites which include honda.com, corporate.honda.com, automobiles.honda.com, hpd.honda.com, powersports.honda.com, hrca.honda.com, powerequipment.honda.com, marine.honda.com, engines.honda.com, owners.honda.com, owners.acura.com, estore.honda.com, hondafinancialservices.com, hondafinancialservices.com/ir, acurafinancialservices.com, acura.com, civictour.honda.com and greendealer.honda.com. This statement does not apply to our offline information practices.  
0 	Information Collection   You can visit our Web Sites without sharing personally identifiable information.  
0 	You can visit our Web Sites without telling us who you are and without revealing any personally identifiable information to learn about American Honda, American Honda Finance Corporation ("AHFC"), our product and service information, special offers and promotions, and investor information. You can also access financial planning tools.  
1 	"Personally identifiable information or personal information" refers to any information that identifies or can be used to contact or locate you such as name, mailing address, phone number, email address, social security number, and account number. Use of certain features and tools on this Site requires that you provide us with personally identifiable information. However, you always have the option not to provide personal information by choosing not to use a particular feature.  
1 	We may request personally identifiable information in order to enhance your experience on our web sites. There are instances where American Honda requests personally identifiable information to provide the web site visitor a service or correspondence (such as promotions and mailed brochures). This information, such as name, mailing address, email address, type of request and possibly additional information, is collected and stored in a manner appropriate to the nature of the data and is used to fulfill your request. The information you provide is used by American Honda to improve the services we provide you and to help us promote products and services that are of most interest to you. The information may be merged with other information American Honda already knows, such as whether you are an owner of a Honda or Acura product.  
1 	To use American Honda's Internet services, such as the Dealer Locator and brochure requests, we require a certain amount of personally identifying information such as name and address to meet your request. We may use this information to identify and access data in the existing relationship we have with you to provide you with the requested services. We may request email addresses as an alternate means of contacting you.  
1 	We Collect and Use Anonymous Information   We may gather and store certain anonymous information about your visit, including the name of your Internet Service Provider (ISP), the type of browser and operating systems used to access our site, the date and time you access our site, the website that referred you to us, and the pages you visit (click-through). This information does not identify you personally. This information is collected and used to generate statistics, measure site activity, and improve the usefulness of our sites.  
1 	Use of Cookies   A "cookie" is a small text file or text identifier placed on your computer to assist us in providing customized services. We use cookies to provide you with a convenience feature to save you time and provide a more personalized experience on our site. For example, you may log on once during a visit and will be able to access multiple servers without having to log on again and again. We also use the information for internal research on our user's demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand our visitor's preferences. We may use cookies provided by third parties, including ClearTrust, BrowserHawk, Capricorn Encryption, and WebTrends e-commerce software. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Some portions of our Web sites, such as owners.honda.com/owners.acura.com, however, require the use of cookies for proper function.  
1 	Advertising Campaigns   Some of our sites, such as automobiles.honda.com and owners.honda.com/owners.acura.com, use web beacons also called single pixel gifs. Their use helps us determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. Certain gif files are provided by our ad management partner, DoubleClick. These files enable DoubleClick to recognize a unique cookie on your Web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website. The cookie was placed by us, or by another advertiser who works with DoubleClick. With both cookies and Spotlight technology, the information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable. It does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address. For more information about DoubleClick, including information about how to opt out of these technologies, go to http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy. In short, web beacons collect only a limited amount of information including cookies and time and date of viewing and do not contain personally identifiable information. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by going to: http://preferences.truste.com/preference.html?affiliateId=99. Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads.  
1 	Information Use   The information you share with American Honda is used to improve the services we provide you and to provide services to you that you request. For example, if you enroll in EasyPay or Pay Online, our account payment services, we will be required to validate your bank account information with your bank. If you request brochures, we may hire a third party fulfillment company to meet your request. We may share information about you with third party service providers (such as companies who assist us in marketing, conducting surveys and research to help us provide better products and services). However, your information is not shared with or sold to any other third party entity or individual for that entity or individual's independent use with the exception of when you request to be added to the fan mailing list of one of the participating Civic Tour bands and/or Civic Tour promotional partners or in situations where required by law, we may need to share this information with law enforcement officials such as in response to a court order or subpoena. AHFC customers are also encouraged to see the American Honda Finance Corporation Financial Privacy Policy below to learn more about protections and use of your nonpublic personal information (such as personally identifiable financial information).  
1 	The information you share with American Honda when you apply for employment with American Honda or any of its affiliated companies through our site at http://corporate.honda.com/careers/ may include personal information, such as name, educational and employment background, contact information, job qualifications, and jobs for which you may wish to be considered. You may choose to provide additional information, such as your resume or CV, employment references, and salary requirements. You may also choose to provide this information by extracting it from another online location, such as Google, Yahoo, or Talent Exchange Universal Profile. Your provision of this information in connection with seeking employment at American Honda is voluntary and you determine the extent of the information you provide. Your decision not to provide such information may affect our ability to consider you for employment. This information is collected and maintained through Oracles Taleo service and is not shared except between the Taleo service and American Honda (and its affiliated companies), or between American Honda and its affiliated companies, as necessary for employment decisions. For more information about Oracles privacy policies, please consult Oracles disclosures on its website ( www.oracle.com).  
0 	Partners   When you visit or use a part of any website, landing page or mobile application that is co-branded or that is a part of a joint promotion involving American Honda and one or more third parties (each a Co-Branded Party), you are providing and consenting to provide your personal information and any other information collected by any Co-Branded Party to American Honda and each of the Co-Branded Parties without any other notice or further consent. We do not control Co-Branded Parties use or treatment of information you provide to them and you should consult each of their privacy policies or any separate Co-Branded privacy policy posted on or linked from the Co-Branded site to determine your rights with respect to their use and treatment of your information.  
0 	Security   American Honda has reasonable security measures in place to protect your personally identifiable information. This information is protected while being transmitted through a Secured Sockets Layer (SSL) connection. Most web pages that display personally identifiable information are encrypted using 128-bit SSL, which is an industry standard. The following brands' brochure requests, however, are not transmitted through a SSL connection: Engine, Marine, and Power Equipment. In addition, the Motorcycle brand site does not currently transmit brochure and email notification requests through an SSL connection. In addition, we have security procedures and policies in place to safeguard against loss, theft, unauthorized access, destruction, misuse, and modification of this information after we receive it. However, perfect security does not exist over the internet. If you are an owners.honda.com/owners.acura.com registrant, you can help protect your personally identifiable information by selecting the "Log Out" icon before you close your browser.  
0 	Do Not Track Signals   Our websites do not treat browsers that send a do not track signal differently from browsers that do not send one.  
0 	Links   Our web sites may contain links to other sites. However, please be aware that if you access these links you will be leaving our site. As a result, we encourage users to read the privacy policies of those sites as we are not responsible for their content, links, or privacy procedures.  
0 	Policy Updates   If we decide to change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes to this privacy policy so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We suggest periodically visiting this page to review our policies and procedures.  
0 	Specific Web Site Provisions   This section below addresses this Sites unique functionality and offerings specific to particular areas of each Site and serves as a supplement to the General Provisions above.  
0 	Acura   Honda Powersports   HRCA Clubhouse   Honda Power Equipment   Honda Marine   Honda Engines   Honda Owners/Acura Owners   eStore   Acurafinancialservices.com   Hondafinancialservices.com   Hondafinancialservices.com/ir   Civic Tour   American Honda Finance Corporation Financial Privacy Policy   greendealer.honda.com  
1 	 Honda Automobiles    Request A Quote. When you select and build your choice in a vehicle, we will present you with a complete list of your choices, as well as the vehicle's suggested retail price. We can also forward your quote to a local Honda dealer for further contact. If you choose to utilize this service, we will ask you to provide us with your name, home and email address, and your home and/or business telephone number. Although not required to do so, you may also provide us with further information such as what time of day you wish to be contacted, your vehicle trade-in information as well as any additional information or special requests. After submitting your request, you may choose to apply for credit with Honda Financial Services. If you choose to do so, in certain instances, we may forward information regarding the status of your application to the dealer you selected to receive your price quote request. If you do not want us to forward this information on to your selected dealer, you may go directly to HondaFinancialServices.com to apply. See also the Honda Financial Services Apply for Pre-Approved Credit section below to understand how Honda Financial Services handles the information provided on the credit application. Requesting a quote and providing your personal information is your choice.  
1 	Financing Tools, Apply online for Pre-Approved Credit. If you choose to submit an application to Honda Financial Services for pre-approved credit, we will request that you provide personally identifiable information such as name, address, telephone number, social security number, date of birth, employment information, and gross monthly income. This information is collected and is used only in a manner appropriate to process your request for pre-approved credit. For example, American Honda Finance Corporation (doing business as Honda Financial Services) may use this information to investigate your credit, employment, and income to assist in our credit decision-making process. After you apply, you may also check the status of your application. In order to do so, we will request that you provide your name, zip code, and personal identification number. We also encourage you to review the American Honda Finance Corporation Financial Privacy Policy below to learn more about our protections and use of your nonpublic personal information (namely, personally identifiable financial information).  
1 	Financing Tools, Payment Calculators. You may choose to utilize our financing calculators to get an idea as to how much it may cost you to buy or lease a new or used vehicle. Using this feature will help you determine what you can afford. In doing so, you may provide certain figures such as a trade-in value or an amount owed on your current vehicle to calculate an estimated payment. We do not collect or share any of this information nor is this information personally identifiable.  
1 	Request a Brochure. If you choose to request that we mail you a specific model fact sheet or brochure or a full-line brochure, you will be required to provide us with your name and address. This information may be shared with a third party brochure fulfillment company to process your request. You may also choose to receive additional product information or be contacted by a Honda dealer. If you choose to be contacted by a Honda dealer, we will forward your name, address, and, if provided, your email address to the dealer. You may also choose to provide us with additional information about your current vehicle. Requesting a brochure, being contacted by a dealer, and providing your personal information is your choice.  
1 	Email Newsletters. You may decide that you wish to sign up to receive email newsletters on a particular Honda model and site features or to receive newsletters about all new models, special promotions, and site features. In doing so, we will request that you provide your name and email address. Requesting email newsletters and providing your personal information is your choice.  
1 	Email Cards. When visiting our vehicle web pages, at times, you may choose to send electronic cards to your family or friends. To do so, you will have to provide your email address and the email address of the person you wish to send a card. This information is only used for the purpose for which it is received.  
1 	 Acura    Request A Quote. When you select and build your choice in a vehicle, we will present you with a complete list of your choices, as well as the vehicle's suggested retail price. We can also forward your quote to a local Acura dealer for further contact. If you choose to utilize this service, we will ask you to provide us with your name, home and email address, and your home or business telephone number. Although not required to do so, you may also provide us with further information such as what time of day you wish to be contacted, your vehicle trade-in information as well as any additional information or special requests. After submitting your request, you may choose to apply for credit with Acura Financial Services. If you choose to do so, in certain instances, we may forward information regarding the status of your application to the dealer you selected to receive your price quote request. If you do not want us to forward this information on to your selected dealer, you may go directly to AcuraFinancialServices.com to apply. See also the Acura Financial Services Apply for Pre-Approved Credit section below to understand how Acura Financial Service handles the information provided on the credit application. Requesting a quote and providing your personal information is your choice.  
1 	Financing Tools, Apply online for Pre-Approved Credit. If you choose to submit an application to Acura Financial Services for pre-approved credit, we will request that you provide personally identifiable information such as name, address, telephone number, social security number, date of birth, employment information, and gross monthly income. This information is collected and is used only in a manner appropriate to process your request for pre-approved credit. For example, American Honda Finance Corporation (doing business as Acura Financial Services) may use this information to investigate your credit, employment, and income to assist in our credit decision-making process. After you apply, you may also check the status of your application. In order to do so, we will request that you provide you name, zip code, and personal identification number. We also encourage you to review the American Honda Finance Corporation Financial Privacy Policy below to learn more about our protections and use of your nonpublic personal information (namely, personally identifiable financial information).  
0 	Financing Tools, Payment Calculators. You may choose to utilize our financing calculators to get an idea as to how much it may cost you to buy or lease a new or used vehicle. Using this feature will help you determine what you can afford. In doing so, you may provide certain figures such as a trade-in value or an amount owed on your current vehicle to calculate an estimated payment. We do not collect or share any of this information nor is this information personally identifiable.  
1 	Brochure Request. If you choose to request that we mail you a specific model brochure, a full-line brochure, or a certified pre-owned program brochure, you will be required to provide your name, address and telephone number. Your contact information may be shared with a third party brochure fulfillment company to process your request. You may also choose to be contacted by an Acura dealer. If you choose to be contacted by an Acura dealer, we will forward your contact information to the dealer. Requesting a brochure, being contacted by a dealer, and providing your personal information is your choice.  
0 	Acura Store. Our site offers the ability to buy Acura Apparel and Merchandise online from a third party vendor, Bensussen Deutsch Associates Inc. (BDA). If you choose to do so, please be aware that the link to buy Acura Apparel and Merchandise will direct you to the BDA web site to which the American Honda privacy policy does not apply. As a result, we encourage users to read the privacy policy of that site, as we are not responsible for their content, links, or privacy procedures.  
1 	 Honda Powersports    Request a Brochure. If you request that we mail you a full line brochure, you will be required to provide us with your name and address. Requesting a brochure and providing us with your personal information is your choice.  
1 	Email Notifications. You may decide that you wish to sign up to receive email notifications on a particular Honda model(s), new products, special offers, events and more. In doing so, we will request that you provide you name and email address. You may also provide your zip code. Signing up for email notifications and providing your personal information is your choice.  
0 	Build Your Bike/Build Your ATV/Build Your PWC/Build Your MUV. You may build a Honda model of your choice without providing personally identifiable information.  
1 	My Favorites. You may choose to register for a My Favorites account in order to save configurations of any model you build on the site. If you do so, we will request that you set up a Honda ID and password as well as provide your email address. We will use your email address to send you email notifications if you choose to opt-in to receiving information on Honda's newest products, special offers, events, and more. Once registered, you may email your configurations to friends or family. If you choose to do so, we will not store your friends or family's email addresses.  
1 	Request A Quote. When you select and build your choice in a motorcycle, scooter, ATV or watercraft, we will present you with a complete list of your choices. We can also forward your quote to a local Honda dealer for further contact. If you choose to utilize this service, we will ask you to provide us with your name, home and email address. Although not required to do so, you may also provide us with further information such as your home and/or business telephone number, your vehicle trade-in information, the time of day you wish to be contacted and whether you wish to be contacted by email or telephone as well as any additional information or special requests. Requesting a quote and providing your personal information is your choice.  
1 	Certificate Application for Current Offers. You may choose to apply for a personalized current offer certificate that you can bring to your local Honda motorcycle dealer and use at your time of purchase. If you do so, we will request that you provide your name, home address, and email address. At such time, you may also choose whether you would like to receive additional information on Motorcycle products or whether you would like to email the link to a friend.  
1 	Apply for Pre-Approved Credit. If you choose to submit an application to us for pre-approved credit, we will request that you provide personally identifiable information such as name, address, telephone number, social security number, date of birth, employment information, and gross monthly income. This information is collected and is used only in a manner appropriate to process your request for pre-approved credit. For example, we may use this information to investigate your credit, employment, and income to assist in our credit decision-making process. We also encourage you to review the American Honda Finance Corporation Financial Privacy Policy below to learn more about our protections and use of your nonpublic personal information (namely, personally identifiable financial information).  
0 	Honda Card. You also have the choice of applying for revolving credit through a credit program between GE Capital Consumer Card Co. and Honda Card. If you choose to do so, please be aware that the link to the application will direct you to the Conseco Finance Corporation web site to which the American Honda privacy policy does not apply. As a result, we encourage users to read the privacy policy of that site, as we are not responsible for their content, links, or privacy procedures.  
1 	 HRCA Clubhouse    HRCA Clubhouse Registration. You may choose to become a registered user in order to have greater access to the Clubhouse. If you do, you will be required to submit your name, home and email address. This information is used to provide HRCA Clubhouse services to you.  
1 	Membership Enrollment and HRCA Clubhouse Registration. If you are not already a member, you may choose to enroll online in the Honda Rider's Club of America. If you do, you will be required to submit your name, home and email address, telephone number, and credit card information. During enrollment, you will also be able to opt-in to receiving certain email notifications regarding the Clubhouse, HRCA updates, or other information. This information is collected and is used only in a manner appropriate to process your enrollment and to provide HRCA club membership services to you.  
1 	If you are already a HRCA member, you may wish to register in the HRCA Clubhouse. You will either need to provide your HRCA member number and zip code or, if you do not know your number, you may provide us with your name and address exactly as they appear on your Honda Red Rider mailing label. This information is collected and used only to validate your membership with us and to register you in the clubhouse.  
0 	Once a HRCA member, you may access your personal information in your registration profile for review and may change any information, as necessary, except for your name.  
0 	Member Directory and Instant Messaging. As a member, you may choose to participate in the HRCA member directory. If you do so, you may participate in our instant messaging feature. If you sign up for instant messaging, you will choose to allow other instant messaging users to see that you are online. You will be able to share your username, email address, city and state you live, chapter dealer, or the type of bike you own with other instant messaging members. You are not required to share any of the above information and may pick and choose on an item-by-item basis.  
1 	 Honda Power Equipment    Request a Brochure. If you request that we mail you any of our brochures, you will be required to provide us with your name and address. Your email address is optional. Requesting a brochure and providing your personal information is your choice.  
1 	 Honda Marine    Request a Brochure. If you request that we mail you a brochure, you will be required to provide us with your name and address. Your email address is optional. Requesting a brochure and providing your personal information is your choice.  
1 	 Honda Engines    Request a Brochure. If you request that we mail you any of our brochures, you will be required to provide us with your name and address. Your email address is optional. Requesting a brochure and providing your personal information is your choice.  
1 	 Honda Owners/Acura Owners    My Vehicle. Honda Owners/Acura Owners provides access to valuable resources like maintenance schedules, roadside tips, FAQs, and account management. If you choose to register for Honda Owners/Acura Owners, you will be asked to set up a Honda ID/Acura ID and password. You will be required to submit your email address where we can send your password information, in case you forget it. Your email address will also be used to send you any messages relating to the Communication Preferences you choose to set up; for example, you may choose to receive messages from us relating to "general information about Honda Owners/Acura Owners, such as site updates." You may also choose not to receive any messages at all. You will also be asked to tell us the make, year, model, trim, color, and year purchased. This information is used to set up your account specific to your vehicle. You will be able to edit or delete your vehicle information any time.  
1 	You are given the option of providing us with your name, address, and telephone number. It is also optional for you to provide your Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) in order to tailor advanced features, such as maintenance reminders, service records, and recall notices to you and to your specific product.  
0 	My Profile. Once you have registered, a "My Profile" button will be located at the top of every Honda Owners/Acura Owners page. This is a summary of your account with us. By clicking this button, you can view and/or edit your personal information at any time by clicking the "Edit/Update" button. You may also change your Communication Preferences.  
1 	 eStore    The amount and type of information we collect depends on who you are and how you use eStore. eStore offers products and services to the general public as well as to independent vehicle repair shops. We collect personally identifying information if you visit the site and wish to register, purchase products, request other information, or otherwise communicate with Honda about the products/services offered on the site. When you register on the site, we will request that you set up a Honda ID/Acura ID and password for "My Profile". You may choose to enter your Honda or Acura's vehicle identification number (VIN) or simply choose the make, year, and model of your vehicle. You may make changes to this information at any time by selecting the edit button in the "My Profile" folder.  
1 	If you use eStore to purchase products online, your personally identifying information will be used to complete any transactions that you enter into, including credit card processing and, for independent repair facilities, credit checks, credit services, and debt collection. Your name, address, email address, telephone number, and where applicable, credit card information and purchase details, will be provided to the participating Honda/Acura Dealer you choose who will fulfill your order. Honda and Acura dealers are independent from American Honda. We have installed safeguards to secure and protect the credit card information used for your transactions.  
1 	 Acurafinancialservices.com    Email-to-a-friend. If you wish to share information that you view on a page of this Site with a friend, we will email the web page to your friend for you. In order to do so, we will request that you provide us with your name, email address, and your friend's email address. This information is collected and used only in a manner appropriate to fulfill your request.  
1 	Apply online for Pre-Approved Credit. If you choose to submit an application to us for pre-approved credit, we will request that you provide personally identifiable information such as name, address, telephone number, social security number, date of birth, employment information, and gross monthly income. This information is collected and is used only in a manner appropriate to process your request for pre-approved credit. For example, we may use this information to investigate your credit, employment, and income to assist in our credit decision-making process. We also encourage you to review the American Honda Finance Corporation Financial Privacy Policy below to learn more about our protections and use of your nonpublic personal information (namely, personally identifiable financial information).  
1 	EasyPay Enrollment. If you are already an AHFC customer, you may decide to enroll in our convenient EasyPay program and authorize AHFC to automatically withdraw scheduled monthly payments from your bank checking or savings account. In order to enroll, we will request that you provide personally identifiable information such as your AHFC account number, the last four digits of your social security number, your bank's name and routing number, and your bank account type (checking or savings) and account number. This information is collected and used in a manner appropriate to process your EasyPay enrollment request. Note that you can also change or update your information by clicking on "Change" button off the EasyPay home page.  
1 	 Hondafinancialservices.com    Email-to-a-friend. If you wish to share information that you view on a page of this Site with a friend, we will email the web page to your friend for you. In order to do so, we will request that you provide us with your name, email address, and your friend's email address. This information is collected and used only in a manner appropriate to fulfill your request.  
1 	Apply online for Pre-Approved Credit. If you choose to submit an application to us for pre-approved credit, we will request that you provide personally identifiable information such as name, address, telephone number, social security number, date of birth, employment information, and gross monthly income. This information is collected and is used only in a manner appropriate to process your request for pre-approved credit. For example, we may use this information to investigate your credit, employment, and income to assist in our credit decision-making process. We also encourage you to review the American Honda Finance Corporation Financial Privacy Policy below to learn more about our protections and use of your nonpublic personal information (namely, personally identifiable financial information).  
1 	EasyPay Enrollment. If you are already an AHFC customer, you may decide to enroll in our convenient EasyPay program and authorize AHFC to automatically withdraw scheduled monthly payments from your bank checking or savings account. In order to enroll, we will request that you provide personally identifiable information such as your AHFC account number, the last four digits of your social security number, your bank's name and routing number, and your bank account type (checking or savings) and account number. This information is collected and used in a manner appropriate to process your EasyPay enrollment request. Note that you can also change or update your information by clicking on "Change" button off the EasyPay home page.  
0 	 Hondafinancialservices.com/ir    You may obtain investor relations information without providing personally identifiable information.  
0 	 Civic Tour    Email Sign Up. You may choose to sign up for email notifications in connection with the Civic Tour, our product information, from the bands participating in a particular Civic Tour, or from the promotional partners participating in a particular Civic Tour.  
0 	It is not the practice of civictour.com to share any information we gather with any third-party companies or individuals, unless you specifically request to be contacted by a band participating in a particular Civic Tour and/or a promotional partner participating in a particular Civic Tour.  
0 	 American Honda Finance Corporation Financial Privacy Policy    This policy is provided by American Honda Finance Corporation and is given on behalf of the following family of companies (affiliates):   American Honda Finance Corporation   American Honda Service Contract Corporation   Honda North America, Inc.   American Honda Receivables Corp.   American Honda Receivables Corp. II   Honda Titling Inc./Honda Lease Trust   Honda Funding, Inc.   Honda Titling A-D LLCs   Honda Titling A-D LPs   Privacy Policy Overview  
0 	American Honda Finance Corporation ("AHFC") respects and protects customer privacy. We know privacy is important to you and is vital to our business. As required by law, this document explains our Privacy Policy. We want you to know how we keep our customer information private and secure and how we use the information to provide you a broad range of financial services and products to serve you better.  
0 	How do we protect information?   We maintain physical and electronic safeguards and have policies and procedures that are intended to prevent unauthorized access to consumer information.  
1 	AHFC collects information from   1. Credit applications or from other forms that you give us (for example, your name, address, social security number, income and obligations);   2. Credit reporting agencies (for example, your creditworthiness and credit history);   3. The American Honda Finance Corporation family of companies on transactions with us that you have conducted (for example, products that you have purchased, financed or leased, your retail or lease account balance and payment history).  
0 	Sharing of information   We may disclose information that we collect about your direct transactions (for example, account balance and payment history, as a present or former customer) among the American Honda Finance Corporation family of companies and our parent company, American Honda Motor Co., Inc.  
0 	Sharing with carefully selected companies   We may also share information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others (for example, your name, address, account terms/activity) with the following:   companies that perform marketing services on our behalf or with whom we have joint marketing agreements.   other nonaffiliated financial institutions, including automobile dealers, with which we have joint marketing agreements.  
0 	Sharing with others, as the law allows   We may also disclose:   all of the information (see 1-3, above) that we collect about you as a present or former customer to financial service providers (for example, banks, vendors or service companies that provide statement printing and mailing or other types of services) for your accounts with AHFC, or with the affiliate to which your account may be assigned and for which AHFC provides servicing.   information about you to nonaffiliated third parties as permitted or required by law (for example, information provided to credit reporting agencies or in response to a subpoena).  
0 	If we modify our privacy policy on how we handle your personal information, we will post the revised information here, with a revised "effective date" at the top of this privacy policy. If there are material changes to this privacy policy or in how we will use your personal information, we may notify you by other means, such as sending an email to you or by posting a notice of such changes on our website. We encourage you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how we are protecting your information.  
1 	 greendealer.honda.com    Honda Green Dealer   Email Newsletters. You may decide that you wish to sign up to receive email newsletters on Honda environmentally responsible products technology, green dealer guideline updates, and/or other site features. In doing so, you will be required to provide your email address and occupation, and asked to submit your first name, last name, country of origin, and organization. Requesting email newsletters and providing your personal information is your choice.  
1 	Download the Green Dealer Guide. You may download the green dealer guideline. In doing so, you will be required to provide your email address and occupation, and asked to submit your first name, last name, country of origin, and organization before your download begins. Downloading the green dealer guideline and providing your personal information is your choice.  
0 	Locate a Green Dealer Green Dealers by Award Level. Dealerships referenced herein are Honda and Acura dealers, which are independent from American Honda. Visiting these dealers online or in person is your personal choice.
0 	Amazon.com Privacy Notice  
0 	Last updated: March 3, 2014. To see what has changed, click here.  
0 	Amazon.com knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting Amazon.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.     What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon.com Gather?     What About Cookies?     Does Amazon.com Share the Information It Receives?     How Secure Is Information About Me?     What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites?     Which Information Can I Access?     What Choices Do I Have?     Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon.com?     Does Amazon.com Participate in the Safe Harbor Program?     Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions     Examples of Information Collected  
1 	 What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon.com Gather?    The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your Amazon experience. Here are the types of information we gather.  
1 	  Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. Click here to see examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.  
1 	  Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Amazon.com or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon.com on other Web sites. Click here to see examples of the information we receive.  
1 	  Mobile: When you download or use apps created by Amazon or our subsidiaries, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. We may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content. Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services. For more information about how to do this,click here.  
0 	  E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Amazon.com if your computer supports such capabilities. We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences.  
1 	  Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. Click here to see examples of the information we receive.  
1 	 What About Cookies?      Cookies are unique identifiers that we transfer to your device to enable our systems to recognize your device and to provide features such as 1-Click purchasing, Recommended for You , personalized advertisements on other Web sites (e.g., Amazon Associates with content served by Amazon.com and Web sites using Checkout by Amazon payment service), and storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.     The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer. Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Amazon.com's essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any Amazon.com products and services that require you to Sign in.  
0 	 Does Amazon.com Share the Information It Receives?    Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below and with subsidiaries Amazon.com, Inc. controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.  
0 	  Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control: We work closely with affiliated businesses. In some cases, such as Marketplace sellers, these businesses operate stores at Amazon.com or sell offerings to you at Amazon.com. In other cases, we operate stores, provide services, or sell product lines jointly with these businesses. Click here for some examples of co-branded and joint offerings. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share customer information related to those transactions with that third party.  
0 	  Third-Party Service Providers: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.  
0 	  Promotional Offers: Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of Amazon.com customers on behalf of other businesses. When we do this, we do not give that business your name and address. If you do not want to receive such offers, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences.  
0 	  Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Amazon.com, Inc., or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.  
0 	  Protection of Amazon.com and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Amazon.com, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.  
0 	  With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.  
0 	 How Secure Is Information About Me?      We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.     We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.     It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. Click here for more information on how to sign off.  
0 	 What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites?    Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other Web sites. For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon.com, including personalized or interest-based ads, please read our Interest-Based Ads policy.  
0 	 Which Information Can I Access?    Amazon.com gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with Amazon.com for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information. Click here to see some examples, the list of which will change as our Web site evolves.
0 	 What Choices Do I Have?      As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of such Amazon.com features as Your Profile, Wish Lists , Customer Reviews, and Amazon Prime.  
0 	  You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in the Which Information Can I Access? section. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.  
0 	  If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences . (If you do not want to receive Conditions of Use and other legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Notice, those notices will still govern your use of Amazon.com, and it is your responsibility to review them for changes.)  
0 	  If you do not want us to use personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalize advertisements we display to you, please adjust your Advertising Preferences .  
0 	  The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer. Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Amazon.com's essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any Amazon.com products and services that require you to Sign in.  
0 	 Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon.com?    Amazon.com does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use Amazon.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.  
0 	 Does Amazon.com Participate in the Safe Harbor Program?    Amazon.com is a participant in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and (1) the European Union and (2) Switzerland, respectively. We have certified that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles agreed upon by the U.S. and (1) the E.U. and (2) Switzerland, respectively. For more information about the Safe Harbor and to view our certification, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor Web site.  
0 	In compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles, we endeavor to resolve all complaints about privacy and the collection or use of customer information. If you have questions about our participation in the Safe Harbor program or have a complaint, please send an e-mail to safeharbor@amazon.com.  
0 	Under the Safe Harbor program, any unresolved privacy complaints can be referred to an independent dispute resolution mechanism. We use the BBB EU Safe Harbor Program, which is operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you feel that we have not satisfactorily addressed your complaint, you can visit the BBB EU Safe Harbor Program web site at www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints for more information on how to file a complaint.  
0 	 Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions    If you choose to visit Amazon.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Washington. If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon.com, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.  
0 	 Related Practices and Information    Conditions of Use     Discussion Boards     Community Rules     Help department     Most Recent Purchases     Your Profile and Community Guidelines  
1 	 Examples of Information Collected     Information You Give Us    You provide most such information when you search, buy, post, participate in a contest or questionnaire, or communicate with customer service. For example, you provide information when you search for a product; place an order through Amazon.com or one of our third-party sellers; provide information in Your Account (and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address when shopping with us) or Your Profile ; communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form; use our services such as Amazon Instant Video; compile Wish Lists or other gift registries; participate in Discussion Boards or other community features; provide and rate Reviews; and employ Product Availability Alerts, such as Available to Order Notifications. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers; credit card information; people to whom purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone number; people (with addresses and phone numbers) listed in 1-Click settings; e-mail addresses of your friends and other people; content of reviews and e-mails to us; personal description and photograph in Your Profile ; and financial information, including Social Security and driver's license numbers.  
1 	 Automatic Information    Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform; purchase history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features like Top Sellers ; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for; and the phone number you used to call our 800 number. We may also use browser data such as cookies, Flash cookies (also known as Flash Local Shared Objects), or similar data on certain parts of our Web site for fraud prevention and other purposes. During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page. We may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes.  
0 	 Mobile    Most mobile devices provide users with the ability to disable location services. Most likely, these controls are located in the device's settings menu. For information about specific devices, click here . If you have questions about how to disable your device's location services, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer.  
0 	 Information from Other Sources    Examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily; account information, purchase or redemption information, and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical, fulfillment, advertising, or other services; search term and search result information from some searches conducted through the Web search features offered by our subsidiary, Alexa Internet; search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links); and credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers.  
0 	 Co-branded and Joint Offerings    Examples of businesses with which we offer joint or co-branded products and other offerings include Starbucks, OfficeMax, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, T-Mobile, AT&T, J&R Electronics, Eddie Bauer and Northern Tool + Equipment.  
0 	 Information You Can Access    Examples of information you can access easily at Amazon.com include up-to-date information regarding recent orders; personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, communications and personalized advertising preferences, address book, and 1-Click settings); payment settings (including credit card information and promotional certificate and gift card balances); e-mail notification settings (including Product Availability Alerts, Delivers, and newsletters); Recommendations (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations); shopping lists and gift registries (including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries); Seller accounts; and Your Profile (including your product Reviews, Recommendations, Listmania lists, Reminders, personal profile, and Wish List).
0 	 Privacy Policy/Your Privacy Rights     Last updated on August 19, 2013.    Tribune Company is a diverse multimedia company and, together with its Affiliates, operates daily newspapers, television stations, a digital broadcast program network, and news, entertainment, and information websites. In this Privacy Policy, Affiliates refers to our subsidiaries and entities that Tribune or its subsidiaries operate or have an ownership interest in.  
1 	This Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect through the websites, mobile applications, electronic devices, kiosks, and all other interactive services whereby data is transmitted (hereinafter the Services) operated by Tribune Company and its subsidiaries (collectively we or us) regardless of how you access the Services, unless such website, mobile application, electronic device, kiosk, or other interactive service has a separate Privacy Policy specific to such website, application, device, kiosk, or interactive service. The Policy describes:     The information we collect and how we collect it;    What we do with the information we collect;    Information sharing and disclosure;    How you can access and update your information;    How we protect information;    Linked sites and advertisements;    Users from outside the United States;    Children;    How to contact us;    Your California privacy rights;    No rights of third parties; and    Changes to this policy.  
0 	 The information we collect and how we collect it.    How we collect and store information depends on the websites you visit, the activities in which you participate and the Services you use. You can use some of the Services without providing any information other than that automatically collected as described below.  
1 	We may collect information about you during your use of the Services, including your name, username, password, email address, postal address, phone number, mobile phone number, payment information, gender, birth year, and information you provide or post on our Services or allow us to access when you do certain things, such as:     Enter registration information for one or more of our Services;    Enter a sweepstakes or contest or register for a promotion;    Participate in voting or polling activities;    Make a purchase;    Request certain features (e.g., newsletters, updates, and other products);    Sign up to receive SMS (text message) notifications;    Download or use one of our mobile applications;    Connect with the Services or otherwise allow us to access certain information about you via a social networking site (SNS); or    Post user-generated content to or on any of our Services.  
1 	We may collect and store your user ID associated with a SNS account that you use to sign in to your Tribune account or connect or use with the Services. When you sign in to your Tribune account or mobile application with your SNS account information or otherwise connect to your SNS account with the Services, you authorize Tribune to collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information available to Tribune through the SNS interface, including without limitation any information that you have made public in connection with your SNS account, information that the SNS shares with us, or information that is disclosed as being shared during the sign-in process.  
1 	We may also combine information that we collect from you with information we obtain about you from third parties and Affiliates and information derived from any other subscription, product, or service we provide.  
0 	Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. Should you choose to voluntarily disclose information through the Services, such as via SNSs, on message boards, chat areas or in advertising or notices you post, that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties.  
1 	 Cookies and other electronic technologies.    When you use the Services, we use persistent and session cookies and other tracking technologies to: (a) store your username and password; (b) analyze the usage of our sites and Services; (c) customize the Services to your preferences; and (d) control the advertising displayed by the Services. We may also use other Internet technologies, such as Flash technologies, Web beacons or pixel tags, and other similar technologies, to deliver or communicate with cookies and track your use of the Services (including to serve you ads when you are on other websites or the Internet when we can access those cookies). We also may include Web beacons in e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether the message has been opened. As we adopt additional technology, we may also gather additional information through other methods.  
1 	We use these automated technologies to collect and analyze certain types of information we consider to be non-personal information, including: (a) information related to the devices you use to access or interact with our services, such as: IP addresses, geolocation information (as described further below), unique device identifiers and other information about your mobile phone or other mobile device(s), browser types, browser language; and (b) information related to the ways in which you interact with the Services, such as: referring and exit pages and URLs, platform type, the number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time you used the Services, and other similar information. We may also capture other data, such as search criteria and results. In some cases, we will associate this information with a unique Tribune identifier (that cannot be used by itself to identify you) for our internal use, in which case your Tribune identifier will be considered Tribune information and nothing in this Privacy Policy restricts how Tribune may use this information.  
0 	Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies by visiting the Help portion of your browsers toolbar. If you choose to decline cookies, please note that you may not be able to sign in, customize, or use some of the interactive features of the Services. Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies, and cookie management tools available in a web browser will not remove flash cookies. To learn more about how to manage flash cookies, you can visit the Adobe website and make changes at the Global Privacy Settings Panel.  
0 	 Third party advertising and your choices.    Third parties whose products or services are accessible or advertised via the Services may also place cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device to collect non-personal information about your use of the Services. We also allow other third parties (e.g., ad networks and ad servers) to serve tailored ads to you on the Services, and to access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Services. We neither have access to, nor does this Policy govern, the use of cookies or other tracking technologies that may be placed on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Services by non-affiliated, third-party ad technology, ad servers, ad networks or any other non-affiliated third parties. Those parties that use these technologies may offer you a way to opt out of ad targeting as described below. You may receive tailored advertising on your computer through a web browser. If you are interested in more information about tailored browser advertising and how you control cookies from being put on your computer to deliver tailored advertising, you may visit the Network Advertising Initiatives website and/or the Digital Advertising Alliances website. You also can control advertising cookies from Google, by using its Ads Preference Manager . Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated into the Services, you may still receive advertisements even if you opt-out of tailored advertising.  
0 	When using a mobile application you may receive tailored in-application advertisements. Each operating system, iOS for Apple phones, Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices provides its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements. You may review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective operating systems in order to opt-out of tailored in-application advertisements. For any other devices and/or operating systems, please visit the privacy settings for the applicable device or contact the applicable platform operator.  
1 	 Device location information.    We may collect different types of information about your location, including general information (e.g., IP address, zip code) and more specific information (e.g., GPS-based functionality on mobile devices used to access the Services), and may use that information to customize the Services with location-based information, advertising, and features. For example, if you provide a zip code that indicates that you live in Chicago, the Services may be customized with Chicago-specific information and advertisements. In order to do this, your location information may be passed along to our Affiliates, agents, vendors or advertisers. If you access the Services through a mobile device and you do not want your device to provide us with location-tracking information, you can disable the GPS or other location-tracking functions on your device, provided your device allows you to do this. See your device manufacturers instructions for further details.  
1 	 What we do with the information we collect.    We use the information that we collect for the following purposes:     For the purposes for which you provided it;    To send you information about your relationship or transactions with us;    To send you alerts or other communications via SMS messages or other media or networks;    To notify you about new features of the Services, special events, or products, services, and special offers;    To administer sweepstakes and contests;    To process and respond to your inquiries;    To contact you with information that we believe will be of interest to you;    To attribute content that you make available through the Services;    To generate and review reports and data about our user base and Service usage patterns;    To analyze the accuracy, effectiveness, usability, or popularity of the Services;    To improve the content and features of the Services or develop new Services;    To allow us to personalize the content and advertising that you see on the Services;    To enforce the legal terms that govern your use of the Services; and    To administer and troubleshoot the Services.  
1 	We may aggregate and/or anonymize information collected by the Services or via other means so that the information does not identify you. Our use and disclosure of aggregated, anonymized, and other non-personal information is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy, and we may disclose it to others without limitation for any purpose.  
0 	 Information sharing and disclosure.    We will make your information available to other companies, websites, applications or people in the circumstances described below:  
0 	  We may rent, sell, or share your information with non-affiliated third parties: (a) in order to provide services or products that you have requested; (b) when we have your permission; or (c) as described in this Privacy Policy.  
0 	  We may share your information with any Affiliate or agent of Tribune Company in order to provide the Services or advertising or to communicate with you on our behalf.  
0 	  When you sign up to participate in a contest or sweepstakes, your information may also be provided to our sweepstakes or contest advertisers, operators, or sponsors and the use of that information will be also governed by those advertisers, operators, or sponsors privacy policies or practices.  
0 	  We may disclose your information in response to any subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process we receive, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or to defend against legal claims.  
0 	  We may share your information with third-party advertisers and advertising networks or others with which we have a contractual relationship.  
0 	  We may disclose your information when we believe it appropriate in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of the Terms of Service for the Services you accessed, and/or to protect our rights and property.  
0 	 How you can access and update your information.    To ensure that you have some control over the information we have about you, you may review and update certain user profile information by logging in to the relevant portions of the Services where such information may be updated (may be available on some Services and not others) or by contacting us at privacy@tribune.com.  
0 	 How we protect information.    We have implemented reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security measures to protect against the unauthorized access, destruction or alteration of your information. Despite our best efforts, however, no security measures are completely impenetrable.  
0 	 Linked sites and advertisements.    The Services may contain links to third-party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those third-party websites.  
0 	We have relationships with third-party providers to provide content, products, services, and functionality through the Services. When you visit sites or use any Services provided in conjunction with one or more of these third-party providers and the brands of those providers appear on the site or Services in connection with such content, products, services, or functionality, we may share any information you provide or that is collected during your use of those Services with those providers. In some cases, the provider may collect information from you directly, in which case the providers privacy policy (which may differ from this Privacy Policy) would apply. If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of any of our providers, you should contact the provider directly for more information.  
0 	 Users from outside the United States.    The Services are hosted in the United States and are governed by United States law. If you are using the Services from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our databases are operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Services, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share it as described in our Privacy Policy.  
0 	 Children.    The Services are not intended for persons under the age of 13. We require that only persons 13 years of age or older use the Services. By using the Services, you hereby represent that you are at least 13 years old. Some third parties, such as platform providers like the iTunes Store or Google Play may provide age-based ratings on some of the Services. These ratings shall have no bearing on this limitation. Third parties may also provide content categories on some of the Services. These categories shall have no bearing on this limitation.  
0 	 How to contact us.    If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or practices, please send an email to privacy@tribune.com.  
0 	 Your California privacy rights.    California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those parties. If you are a California resident and would like to request this information, please submit your request in an email to privacy@tribune.com.  
0 	 No rights of third parties.    This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties.  
0 	 Changes to this policy.    Tribune Company reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to this policy will mean you accept those changes. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the updated Privacy Policy here and notify you by email or by means of a notice on our website.  
0 	 Privacy Policy     Last Updated: January 3, 2013    We take seriously your interest in how your information is collected and used. Please read the following to understand about our privacy practices.  
0 	This Privacy Notice discloses the privacy practices of our website, mobile site or app (the "Site"). Specifically, it outlines the types of information that we gather about you while you are using the Site, and the ways in which we use and share this information. This Privacy Notice does not apply to any information you may provide to us, or that we may collect, offline and/or through other means (for example, at a live event, via telephone, or through the mail).  
0 	Please read this Privacy Notice carefully. By visiting and using the Site, you agree that your use of our Site, and any dispute over our online privacy practices, is governed by this Privacy Notice and our Terms of Service. Because the Web is an evolving medium, we may need to change our Privacy Notice at some point in the future, in which case we'll post the revised Privacy Notice on this website and update the "Last Updated" date to reflect the date of the changes. By continuing to use the Site after we post any such changes, you accept the Privacy Notice as modified. Your access of the Site for the limited and exclusive purpose of reviewing this Privacy Notice does not constitute your acceptance of this Notice unless you make any further access or use of our Site.  
0 	 Your California Privacy Rights    California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our customers who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to:   Mark Faris   Online Privacy Coordinator   Gannett Law Department   7950 Jones Branch Drive   McLean, VA 22107  
1 	 How We Collect Information    Information You Provide. We may collect and store information that you voluntarily supply to us while on our Site. This may include information that can be used to contact or identify you, such as your name, email address, or postal address. Some examples of this type of information include information that you electronically submit when you contact us with questions or participate in contests, surveys or sweepstakes, information that you post on blogs, discussion forums or other community posting and social networking areas on our Site, and information that you electronically submit when you complete an online registration form to access and use certain features of our Site. We also may ask for information (including a credit card number and other financial information) from those users who make purchases or have payment transactions on our Site.  
1 	Location Information. We may collect location information (e.g., city and state and/or zip code) that you provide. Certain devices and browsers contain unique identifiers that can be used to identify the geographical location of the device. When you use such a device or browser to access our Site, your device and/or browser may automatically collect and/or transmit your location information. We also may collect GPS information from the device if the device transmits it. Additionally, if you download our app, we may collect your location information in order to deliver our app services. If you choose to enable certain features in our apps that require your geographic location, then we will collect and store that information.  
1 	Other Information Automatically Collected to Improve the Site and Deliver Targeted Advertising. We also collect and store information through a variety of automatic technologies, such as browser and flash cookies, pixels and web beacons about your use of our Site, including device identifying information such as IP addresses, MAC address or other device-specific alphanumerical ID numbers, the make and model of your device, the wireless provider associated with your device, whether you downloaded the app, the source of the download of the App (for example, whether via a particular advertisement for the App), when the App is launched, how many times a particular page within the Site is visited, which features the users interact with, and your device or computer's connection to the Internet. If you choose to connect to our Site through a social network such as Facebook, we may automatically collect your profile information. These things allow us, among other things, to improve the delivery of our web pages to you and to measure traffic on the Site.  
1 	The information we collect may be collected directly by us, or it may be collected by a third-party website hosting provider, or another third-party service provider, on our behalf.  
1 	We also may use "cookies" and other similar technologies on the Site. Cookies are small files that are placed on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes and to enhance your experience with the Site. By showing how and when visitors use the Site, cookies help us deliver advertisements, identify how many unique users visit us, and track user trends and patterns. They also prevent you from having to re-enter your preferences on certain areas of the Site where you may have entered preference information before. This Site also may use web beacons (single-pixel graphic files also known as "transparent GIFs") to access cookies and to count users who visit the Site or open HTML-formatted email messages.  
1 	 How Information is Used    We use the information we collect from you while you are using the Site in a variety of ways, including, for example, for the purpose for which the information was submitted, to process your registration request, to provide you with services and communications that you have requested, to send you email updates and other communications, customize features and advertising that appear on the Site, to deliver our Site content to you, to measure Site traffic, measure user interests and traffic patterns, and to improve the Site and the services and features offered via the Site.  
1 	We may use location information, either information you provided by you or information automatically collected, in order to provide you with content, services and advertising that is relevant to your geographic area. We may combine information we collect from you while you are using our Site with information that we collect from other sources to customize features, content and advertising that appear on our Site.  
1 	In addition, we may use any information submitted by or collected from you via the Site for any purpose related to the Site, including to contact you for customer service purposes, to inform you of important changes or additions to our Site or the services offered over our Site, and to send you administrative notices and any other communications that we believe may be of interest to you.  
0 	Your Choices. When we request information from you on the Site, you may always choose not to provide us with that information. But if you decline to supply or provide us with certain information while using the Site, you may not be able to use or participate in some or all of the features offered through the Site.  
0 	If you want to limit the information that is automatically collected while you use our Site, most Web browsers allow you to disable certain functionality or set certain privacy setting. If you choose to disable cookies or turn off other functionality, you may not be able to use or participate in some or all of the features offered through the Site. If you would like more information on how to opt out of information collection practices by many third parties, visit the Digital Advertising Alliance's website at www.aboutads.info.  
0 	 How Information is Shared    Sharing with Affiliates, Partners and Third Party Service Providers. We may provide your information to our affiliates or to third parties, including our third party service providers and contractors, for purposes related to Site administration and other services. For example, if you use a credit or debit card to complete a transaction on our Site, we may share your personal information and credit card number with a credit card processing and/or a fulfillment company in order to complete your transaction, or such service provider(s) may collect that information from you directly, on our behalf.  
0 	If you do not wish certain information to be shared for these purposes, send a letter to the Online Privacy Coordinator whose contact information is listed at the end of this Privacy Notice.  
0 	We also make some content, products and services available through our Site through cooperative relationships with third-party providers, where the brands of our provider partner appear on the Site in connection with such content, products and/or services. We may share with our provider partner any information you provide, or that is collected, in the course of visiting any pages that are made available in cooperation with our provider partner. In some cases, the provider partner may collect information from you directly, in which cases the Privacy Notice of our provider partner may apply to the provider partner's use of your information. The Privacy Notice of our provider partners may differ from ours. If you have any questions regarding the Privacy Notice of one of our provider partners, you should contact the provider partner directly for more information.  
0 	Sharing Information with Third Parties for Advertising and Other Promotional Purposes. We may use third-party service providers to target and serve some of the advertisements you see on the Site. We may share technical or aggregate information, such as type of pages viewed and categories of interest, from our Site with these service providers and advertisers for their use in displaying ads on our Site. These third party providers and advertisers may use their own browser or flash cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to collect technical information (such as device unique identifier, IP address, MAC address, browser type, pages visited, and location information) from users of the Site that is generated automatically as a user views or interacts with an ad. These service providers may use that information, sometimes in conjunction with similar information gathered through other websites and other sources, to deliver advertisements on this Site, and on other websites.  
1 	Unless you affirmatively provide information within an ad, the data collected in connection with the ads, ad serving and ad targeting on our Site does not include your name, address, email address or telephone number, but it may include the device unique identifier, IP address, MAC address and location information of your computer or device. The use and collection of information by third-party advertising service providers is governed by the relevant third party's privacy policy and is not covered by our Privacy Notice.  
0 	For information about use of your information by us and by third-party advertising service providers for advertising, see the section " Data Collected in Connection with Ad Serving and Targeting."  
0 	Sharing with Third Parties for Other Purposes. Please be aware that we may occasionally release information about our visitors if required to do so by law or if, in our business judgment, such disclosure is reasonably necessary: (a) to comply with legal process; (b) to enforce our Terms of Service; or (c) to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of our Site, us, our affiliates, our officers, directors, employees, representatives, our licensors, other users, and/or the public.  
0 	Please also note that as our business grows, we may buy or sell various assets. In the unlikely event that we sell some or all of our assets, or our Site is acquired by another company, information about our Site users may be among the transferred assets.  
0 	 Data Collected in Connection with Ad Serving and Targeting    We operate in compliance with the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising, www.aboutads.info.  
1 	We may use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies, and/or a third-party ad serving software, to automatically collect information about site users and site activity, and we may use this information to, among other things, serve targeted advertisements on this site. The information collected allows us to analyze how users use the site and to track user interests, trends and patterns, thus allowing us to deliver more relevant advertisements to users.  
1 	We also may use third-party service providers, to target and serve some of the advertisements you see on the pages of our Site. We may share technical or aggregate information about your interaction with our Site, such as type of pages viewed and categories of interest, from our Site with these service providers for their use in displaying ads on our Site. These providers may use their own cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to collect similar information from our Site. These service providers may use that information, sometimes in conjunction with similar information gathered through other websites, to deliver advertisements on this Site, and on other websites that participate in our service providers' advertising networks, that are tailored to match the perceived interests of consumers. The information obtained by our third-party service providers also may be used to help measure and research an advertisement's effectiveness, or for other purposes.  
1 	Unless you affirmatively provide information, the data collected in connection with the ad serving and ad targeting on our Site does not identify you personally and does not include your name, address, email address or telephone number, but it may include device identifying information such as the IP address, MAC address, cookie or other device-specific unique alphanumerical ID of your computer.  
0 	The use and collection of information by third-party advertising service providers are governed by the relevant third party's Privacy Notice and are not covered by our Privacy Notice. If you would like more information about the information collection practices of a particular service provider, or if you would like more information on how to opt out of a service provider's information collection practices, go to www.aboutads.info. You can opt out of the use of cookies by DoubleClick, one of our service providers, by visiting http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy. Additionally, many of our advertising service providers are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). You can obtain more information about these advertising service providers' information collection practices, and opt out of such practices (and at the same time opt out of the collection practices of other, or all, NAI members) by following the opt out instructions on the NAI's website at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.If you would like more information on how to opt out of information collection practices, go to www.aboutads.info.  
0 	 Information You Post to Blogs, Discussion Forums and Other Community Posting or Social Networking Areas    Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily make your personal information or other private information available for viewing by third parties online - for example on blogs, discussion forums, or other community posting or social networking areas of our Site - that information can be seen, collected and used by others besides us. We cannot be responsible for any unauthorized third-party use of such information.  
0 	 Children's Privacy Statement    This site is not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from a child under 13. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of 13 as part of the Site, we will delete such information from our records.  
0 	 How To Make Changes to Your Information    If you are a registered user of our Site, you can make changes to your account information by logging in to the Site and using the tools available via the Site. If you have subscribed to one or more of our email newsletters, you also may change your subscriber information, modify your subscriptions, and/or unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time by logging in to your account. If you have any questions about modifying your account or preference information, please visit the "Customer Service" pages of our Site.  
0 	 Security    All information we gather on our Site is stored within databases to which only we and services providers are provided access. However, as effective as the reasonable security measures implemented by us may be, no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our Site's servers or databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.  
0 	 Links to Other Sites    Our Site also includes links to other websites and provides access to products and services offered by third parties, whose privacy policies we do not control. When you access another website or purchase products or services from a third-party, use of any information you provide is governed by the Privacy Notice of the operator of the site you are visiting or the provider of such products or services.  
0 	 Questions Regarding Privacy    If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, our privacy practices, or your dealings with us, you can contact:   Mark Faris   Online Privacy Coordinator   Gannett Law Department   7950 Jones Branch Drive   McLean, VA 22107  
0 	TEN: The Enthusiast Network Privacy Policy   TEN: The Enthusiast Network (TEN or We or we) is strongly committed to protecting your privacy and providing a safe online experience for all of our users and subscribers while offering the highest quality publications and services to them. This Privacy Policy discloses what information we gather, how we use it, to whom we disclose personal information and other information you have provided, and how to correct or change personal information that you have provided to us. This Privacy Policy applies to TEN and all of its parent companies, subsidiaries, and affiliates. We urge you to read the complete Privacy Policy set forth below, as well as our Terms and Conditions of Use, and contact us if you have any questions.  
1 	I. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU?   Personal Information. We collect personally identifiable information, such as names, mailing addresses, e-mail addresses, demographic information, and similar information in a variety of situations, including but not limited to the following: (i) when you subscribe to one of our magazines or place an order (see the section below for more information on subscriptions and orders); (ii) when you register at one of our websites in connection with the purchase of a product, publication, or service; (iii) when you enter personal information on one of our websites as a condition of participating in contests, promotions, or sweepstakes offered via these websites; or (iv) when you wish to have a product or service fulfilled by a fulfillment partner who can meet the continuing needs of our customers.  
1 	Some of our sites may collect credit card and related financial information if you wish to purchase a product or subscribe to any publication or service offered via these sites. If you wish to subscribe to one of our publications or place an order for products or services online, you must generally establish a credit card account with us or our vendors. Some of our sites also may collect social security numbers from consumers if such consumers use one of our automotive-related websites and wish to receive a quote from an automotive lender that is part of the sites automotive lender network. In such instances, we collect social security numbers only to fulfill consumers requests to receive quotes or other financial offers from a lender in the sites automotive lender network.  
1 	Information Collected Automatically. Our websites automatically collect certain information, such as your IP address, browser type, domain name, access times and referring website address. This helps facilitate your online experience at our websites. See Sections IV and V of this Privacy Policy for more detail on cookies, web beacons, and other information collected automatically by our websites.  
1 	II. WHAT DO WE DO WITH COLLECTED INFORMATION?   We use the personal information you provide to allow you to make product purchases, to fulfill your requests, improve our publications, products and services, to send you promotional offers related to TEN or our business partners, and to operate our business. A user may, at any time, opt out of receiving promotional offers by mail or e-mail. How You Can Control Your Personal Information. We also use collected information to evaluate and administer our products and services, respond to any problems that may arise, such as magazine delivery failures, difficulties in navigating our sites or accessing certain features, as well as to gauge user trends to determine what products and services are most popular with users, and to put you in touch with fulfillment partners who can provide services that we cannot. We allow users of our website to send articles or links by e-mail to other parties who may be interested in them. We do not retain any e-mail addresses of either the sender or recipient of such articles or links after they are sent, and do not share send a friend e-mail addresses with third parties.  
0 	III. HOW DO WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION?   We share your personal information only as described below.  
0 	Sharing Within the TEN Corporate Family. We may share your personal information with any parent company, subsidiary, or affiliate in the TEN corporate family. All entities within the TEN corporate family may have access to your personal information as well as anonymous, aggregate demographic data.  
0 	TENs Service Providers. TEN may decide to share your personal information with companies that work on behalf of or with TEN. These companies may use your personal information to inform you about TENs products and services, to provide you with information about other exciting products and services, or otherwise to assist TEN in serving its customers, understanding its consumer market, or devising effective marketing strategies to reach more consumers.  
0 	Lead Purchasers. TEN may decide to share your personal information with third parties who purchase leads from TEN, such as automotive dealers and banks. Some of our websites require users to disclose personal information as a condition of receiving quotes or offers from fulfillment partners (as described more fully below), such as automotive dealers or banks, who can provide services or products to users that TEN does not directly provide. In these instances, your personal information will be provided to third parties who compensate TEN for leads delivered to such third parties.  
0 	Participating Vendors. Some of our sites offer opportunities to make purchases online from special participating vendors. On sites with online purchase opportunities for products and merchandise, we will also give participating vendors the order information and authorization for the merchant bank. Any time you order from a participating vendor, that vendor will automatically have all the information related to the order. Participating vendors may use that information to advise you directly of other products and offerings that they provide.  
0 	Credit Card Companies; Third Party Payment Services; Third Party Promotional Sites. As in any transaction, your credit card company will have all relevant information about the name of the vendor, item(s) purchased, and date and total cost. TEN will not otherwise provide any personal data to your credit card company. In some cases, we use third party payment and transaction services to facilitate your transactions and process your orders. In such cases, we will share your personal information and credit card information with the third party payment services solely for the purpose of completing the transaction or processing your order. In some cases, we will share your personal information and credit card information with third parties who may offer you a gift or promotional offer as a result of your purchase or subscription to a TEN product or publication.  
0 	Fulfillment Partners. Some of our websites are intended to facilitate transactions between you and a third party. To do so, we collect and share additional personal information, like credit information, so such third parties can provide the product or service you request. As our fulfillment partners may keep and use your information whether or not you purchase their products or use their services, your personal information will be subject to their privacy policies.  
0 	Other Third Parties. We may share your personal information with third parties, such as advertisers, sponsors, and other promotional and business partners, only when you have not opted out of receiving communications from third parties. If you wish to opt-out of receiving third party communications, you may exercise this right by following the opt-out procedures contained in any e-mail or written communication TEN sends to you or by following the procedures set forth in Section VII of this Privacy Policy.  
0 	Public Postings. You should be aware that if you voluntarily disclose information, personal or otherwise, online in any community area (whether through TENs websites or any other service available online), that information can be collected and used by others. Accordingly, you should use caution when sharing any personal information with others in any community area (whether through TENs websites or any other service available online).  
0 	Required Disclosures of Information. We reserve the right to use or disclose any information without notice or consent as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request; to conduct investigations of consumer complaints or possible breaches of law; to protect the integrity of our sites and our property and assure adherence to our terms of use; to protect the safety of our visitors or others; to fulfill your requests; or to cooperate in any legal investigation or process.  
0 	Changes in Corporate Structure. In developing our business, we might sell certain assets, or the company, or parts of it, may be sold, merged or otherwise transferred. In such transactions, user information, whether personally identifiable or otherwise, may be one of the transferred assets.  
1 	IV. HOW DO WE USE COOKIES?   Your Web browser offers cookies which, if you allow their use, store small amounts of data on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information about you and therefore cannot be used to identify you personally. Cookies assist us in tracking which of our features you like best, and also enable us to customize our content according to your preferences. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your browser and our websites are viewable even if you disable the cookie function on your browser. However, if you disable cookies, some advanced and customized features or offerings on our site will not be available to you. In addition to collecting cookies, TEN may distribute, sell, and/or transfer such cookies to third parties with whom TEN has a commercial relationship. If you do not wish your cookies to be used in this manner, you can modify your browser to disable the collection of cookies.  
0 	Additionally, we use third-party companies to collect non-personally identifiable information (e.g., the pages you visit, and which links you click, which ads you see and click on, and the categories of search terms you enter) when you visit one of our websites. Some of these third-party companies collect information when serving ads on our sites, while others collect information without showing ads on our sites. These companies may use the information outlined above (which does not include your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to our sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. These companies often use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.  
1 	V. HOW DO WE USE WEB BEACONS, WEB ANALYTICS, AND OTHER BEHAVIORAL MARKETING TECHNOLOGIES?   A number of technologies exist to assess consumer behavior both on-line and off-line. TEN employs a variety of these technologies, including web beacons (see below), web analytics techniques, and other behavior marketing technologies, to assess consumer behavior and to understand how we can better serve our customers. Many of these technologies are provided to TEN via third party providers specializing in behavioral marketing and consumer behavior. In the course of using these behavioral marketing technologies, we automatically collect non-personal information from you, including but not limited to the following types of information: Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login, e-mail address; computer and connection information such as browser type and related browser data; content viewed; and purchase history, which may be aggregated with other information for analytic purposes.  
1 	Some of our web pages, promotional e-mail messages, and/or newsletters may contain electronic images known as web beacons, which are also called single-pixel gifs. Web beacons are not used to access your personally identifiable information, but they are a technique we use to compile aggregated statistics about the usage of our websites and to track the number of users who have opened and acted up our promotional e-mail messages. Web beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides.  
0 	VI. WHAT ABOUT THIRD PARTY ADVERTISERS?   Some of the banner ads displayed in our websites are provided by third parties. These ads contain cookies and may also contain web beacons. Unlike cookies and web beacons used by TEN in content it controls on its websites, cookies or web beacons received with banner ads are collected by our advertisers and we do not have access to this information. We use third parties to serve some or all of the advertisements that are placed within our sites and they may use information (not including personally identifiable information) about your visits to our sites and other sites to assist in serving advertisements to you. These companies may employ cookies, web beacons, and action tags to measure advertising effectiveness. They may share anonymous information with their clients such as date/time of the banner ad shown, the specific ad shown, the IP address, etc. DoubleClick is our primary third party ad server. If you would like to know more about their information gathering practices and opt-out procedures, please see https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/   http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/  
0 	VII. HOW CAN YOU CONTROL YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?   We believe that choice in how and when you are contacted is key to customer satisfaction, so we offer several ways for you to update your contact information, change your preferences, or opt out of receiving future communications.  
0 	1. If you have an online account at one of our websites, you may be able to log on and update or change your contact or account information. Check the site for further information.  
0 	2. If you are a subscriber to one of our magazines, you may be able to log on and update or change your contact or account information by contacting us at https://www.circsource.com/ and clicking on Customer Service.  
0 	3. You may unsubscribe to any of our online e-mail updates or newsletters by following the unsubscribe instructions in the body of any e-mail message.  
0 	4. If you do not wish to have your personal information shared with third parties or with other entities in the TEN corporate family, please click here.  
0 	5. You also may write to us directly if you wish to: (a) update or delete your contact information; (b) ask that we not share your personal information with third parties; or (c) request that we cease sending you promotional or other information via mail or e-mail. Such written requests should be sent to TEN: The Enthusiast Network at 831 South Douglas Street, El Segundo, CA 90245; Attention: Legal Department. In those instances, we will retain your information in a do not promote file in our database, and you will receive no further communications from us.  
0 	6. You may also contact us at privacypolicy@enthusiastnetwork.com or any inquiry or request regarding our privacy policy or the handling of your personal information.  
0 	If you have opted out of receiving future e-mails from us, we will implement your opt-out request within 10 business days of receiving the opt-out request. If you have opted out of receiving future promotional materials by regular mail, we will implement your opt-out request within a commercially reasonable time.  
0 	VIII. SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION   We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to encrypt important information, such as your credit card data, in an effort to prevent unauthorized access during transmission of your orders over the Internet. We incorporate standard industry practices suitable to the degree of sensitivity of the information involved to maintain the security of your personal information and to avoid its disclosure except as described in this policy. Your personal information may also be protected by the password you created when you registered at one of our websites where this feature is offered. The confidentiality of any password is yours to protect. You may change it anytime by following the instructions at the website where you registered. Although we use our best efforts to assure that your data remains secure when maintained by us, security during Internet transmissions or within any system cannot be assured. TEN employees are made aware of its privacy practices through periodic communications and training. We limit access to personal data only to those TEN employees or agents with a specific need to access or retrieve this information. We store data on multiple service systems, in controlled, secure environments. Remember, however, that we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information, and we are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of any third party.  
0 	IX. CHILDRENS PRIVACY   Most of our publications and websites are intended for adults. Some websites and publications, however, are intended for teens 13 and older but may include features or material that may be appealing to children under the age of 13. TEN is strongly committed to protecting the safety and privacy of children who visit our websites. We do not knowingly collect personal information online from children under 13. Many of our sites include chat rooms, bulletin boards and other features that we believe are unsuitable for children under 13 and which are not necessarily monitored. We encourage all parents to talk to their kids about online safety and to monitor their childrens use of the Internet.  
0 	X. THIRD PARTIES AND LINKS   In the event that you provide personal information to any third party via any TEN website or any offer made available to you by TEN, you understand that TEN is not responsible for such third parties use or misuse of your personal information. You should review the privacy and information sharing practices of such third parties. Additionally, TEN may offer links to or from websites it controls to other sites within the TEN family as well as to sites operated by third parties. We offer links to third party sites so that you can conveniently visit our vendors and advertisers or locate other content likely to be of interest. We are not responsible for the content, practices or policies of sites operated by third parties and urge you to inquire about them before providing any personally-identifiable information.  
0 	XI. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS   Under California Law SB 27, California residents have the right to receive, once a year, information about third parties with whom we have shared information about you or your family for their marketing purposes during the previous calendar year, and a description of the categories of personal information shared. To make such a request, please send an email to yourcaliforniaprivacyrights@enthusiastnetwork.com and please include the phrase California Privacy Request in the subject line, and provide us with your name, address and email address. We will respond to you within thirty days of receiving such a request.  
0 	XII. VISITORS AND SUBSCRIBERS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES   All matters relating to these sites are governed by the laws of the State of California in the United States. Any information you provide in subscribing to one of our publications or registering or ordering at one of our websites will be transferred to the United States. By visiting our sites and submitting information, you authorize this transfer, processing and use.  
0 	XIII. ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS; CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY   By using any of our sites and providing us with your information, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you should not use or access any of our sites. Additionally, this Privacy Policy incorporates all of the terms, conditions, and provisions of the TEN Terms of Use, which are posted on our sites. If you do not agree with the TEN Terms of Use, you should not use or access any of our sites.  
0 	We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy as necessary to protect our users and to comply with a changing environment. We recommend that you check the posted Privacy Policy when you visit any of our sites to be sure you are aware of and understand our current policy. Your continued use of the respective site means you accept the updated Privacy Policy.  
0 	XIV. CONTACT INFORMATION   If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please e-mail us at privacypolicy@enthusiastnetwork.com Please include the URL of the website and/or name of the publication involved in your request. Requests under California Law SB 27 should be directed to yourcaliforniaprivacyrights@enthusiastnetwork.com and include the information noted in Your California Privacy Rights.  
0 	Or you can contact us by mail at:   TEN: The Enthusiast Network   831 South Douglas Street   El Segundo, CA 90245   Attention: Legal Department  
0 	Last Update May 24, 2014
0 	 Privacy Policy Statement     Revised May 29, 2015    Thank you for choosing Allstate. We value you, respect your privacy and work hard to protect your personal information.  
0 	This statement is provided on behalf of Allstate Insurance Company and the affiliates ("Allstate") listed at the end of this notice. We would like to explain how we collect, use and share the information we obtain about you in the course of doing business.  
0 	The Truste certification covers:   Allstate.com     Miallstate.com     M.allstate.com     M.miallstate.com     Goodhandsroadside.allstate.com     Mobile application for Allstate     Mobile application for Good Hands Roadside  
0 	 Our Privacy Assurance      We do not sell your personal or medical information to anyone.     We do not share your information with non-affiliate companies that would use it to contact you about their own products and services, unless permitted pursuant to a joint marketing agreement.     We require persons or organizations that represent or assist us in servicing your policy and claims to keep your information confidential.     We require our employees to protect your personal information and keep it confidential.  
0 	As you can see, protecting your personal information is important to us. In addition to the practices described above, we use a variety of physical, technical and administrative security measures that help to safeguard your information. For Social Security Numbers (SSN), this includes restricting access to our employees, agents and others who use your SSN only as permitted by law, such as to comply with the law, to provide you with products and services or to handle your claims. Our privacy practices continue to apply to your information even if you cease to be an Allstate customer.  
1 	 What Personal Information Do We Have and Where Do We Get It    We gather personal information from you and from outside sources for business purposes. Some examples of the information we collect from you may include your name, phone number, home and e-mail addresses, driver's license number, social security number, marital status, family member information and healthcare information. Also, we maintain records that include, but are not limited to, policy coverages, premiums, and payment history. We also collect information from outside sources that may include, but is not limited to, your driving record, claims history, medical information and credit information. Your information is stored in an encrypted environment.  
1 	In addition, Allstate and its business partners gather information through Internet activity, which may include, for example, your operating system, links you used to visit allstate.com, web pages you viewed while visiting our site or applications, Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, and cookies. We use cookies, analytics and other technologies to help:   Evaluate our marketing campaigns     Analyze how customers use our website and applications     Develop new services     Know how many visitors have seen or clicked on our ads  
0 	Also, our business partners assist us with monitoring information including, but not limited to, IP addresses, domain names and browser data, which can help us to better understand how visitors use allstate.com.  
1 	 Mobile Analytics    We use Mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We will link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile app.  
1 	 Location Services    If you choose, your location is obtained from the mobile device or the network using your device's GPS functionality, or directly from you. We use your location information to   search for information you request - including agent searches     identify the location of an accident you are reporting  
0 	Your location information is stored on Allstate's servers and retained by Allstate until you delete the application from your device. When we execute such searches on your behalf we do not transfer your identity or personally identifiable information to third parties, other than with service providers necessary to help perform this function. This information is not used to create a profile about you or your activities.  
0 	To prevent Allstate from using your current location, you can disable the GPS functionality on your mobile device or choose not to submit current location when prompted.  
0 	 How We Use and Share Your Personal Information    In the course of normal business activities, we use and share your personal information. We may provide your information to persons or organizations within and outside of Allstate. This would be done as required or permitted by law. For example, we may do this to:   Fulfill a transaction you requested or service your policy     Market our products     Handle your claim     Prevent fraud     Comply with requests from regulatory and law enforcement authorities     Participate in insurance support organizations     Send you push notifications  
0 	The persons or organizations with whom we may share your personal information may include, among others:   Your agent, broker or Allstate-affiliated companies     Companies that perform services, such as marketing, credit/debit card processing, and communication services on our behalf     Business partners that assist us with tracking how visitors use allstate.com     Other financial institutions with whom we have a joint marketing agreement     Other insurance companies that play a role in an insurance transaction with you     Independent claims adjusters     A business or businesses that conduct actuarial or research studies     Those who request information pursuant to a subpoena or court order     Repair shops and recommended claims vendors  
0 	 The Internet and Your Information Security    Our web sites, allstate.com and miallstate.com, provides information about us, our products, and the agencies and brokers that represent us. You may also perform some transactions on the web site. This Privacy Statement applies to users of allstate.com and miallstate.com, regardless of whether the user is an Allstate customer.  
1 	As true of most sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data.  
0 	We or our third party marketing partners (such as Google Analytics and Adobe Analytics) use cookies, analytics, remarketing and other technology to help us provide users with a better service and a more customized web experience. Additionally, our business partners use tracking services, analytics and other technologies to monitor visits to allstate.com. The website may also use web beacons (also called "clear GIFs" or "pixel tags") in conjunction with cookies. If you prefer, you can choose to not accept cookies by changing the settings on your web browser. Many commercial Internet sites use cookies; a cookie enables the site to label you as a particular user, but it does not identify you by name or address unless you have provided us with such information (over the Internet or otherwise) or set up preferences in your browser to do so automatically.  
0 	You may opt out of accepting cookies by changing the settings on your browser. However, rejecting cookies may prevent you from using certain functions and you may have to repeatedly enter information to take advantage of services or promotions.  
1 	Cookies allow us to provide you with a more customized service and are used to track and measure Web site usage. This information may be used to manage and customize our Web site's content, layout, and services in order to improve our site, enhance customer service, and provide tailored messages.  
0 	We also use third-party advertising companies to present ads on sites on which we advertise. Third-party advertising technology uses information derived from your visits to this Web site and the sites on which we advertise to present ads to you and uses cookies to track activity. We also use Web beacons, provided by third-party advertising companies, on both our Web site and on other sites, to help manage and optimize our online advertising. Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this site, to learn which banner ads bring users to our Web site, and enable us to deliver more relevant ads to users. To "opt-out" at any time, please click here.  
0 	Although we believe that each of the sites to which we target our ads or from which we collect data should post a privacy statement that fully describes the advertising and data collection activities on its site, we cannot guarantee that all of those sites post such a statement.  
1 	We may also use customer information to send you promotional communications about products, features, and options that we believe may be of interest to you. If we have your e-mail address, we may do this by e-mail. If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails from us, please contact us at the following address:   Allstate Insurance Company Customer Privacy Inquiries P.O. Box 11904 Roanoke, VA 24022 or email us at customerprivacy@allstate.com  
0 	 How You Can Review and Correct Your Personal Information?    You can request to review your personal information contained in our records at any time. To do this, please send a letter to the address below requesting to see your information for the previous two years. If you believe that our information is incomplete or inaccurate, you can request that we correct it. Please note we may not be able to provide information relating to investigations, claims, litigation, and other matters. We will be happy to make corrections whenever possible. Please send requests to:   Allstate Insurance Company Customer Privacy Inquiries P.O. Box 40047 Roanoke, VA 24022-0047 or email us at customerprivacy@allstate.com  
0 	If you wish to update, delete inaccuracies, or modify your profile information, you may do so at any time by logging into your account. If you no longer wish to receive certain email communications from us, you may opt-out by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each communication or by contacting us at the e-mail address listed above.  
0 	 Who Should Use Our Web Site?    Our Web site is for insurance and financial products and services and is not intended for children; we do not market any products or services to children under the age of thirteen or knowingly collect any information from children under the age of thirteen. If we become aware that information is or has been submitted by or collected from a child under the age of thirteen, we will delete this information.  
0 	 What Security Procedures Do We Use to Guard Against the Loss, Misuse, Alteration, or Theft of Information While That Information Is Being Submitted to Allstate Over the Internet?    To help ensure the security of your personal and financial information that you submit to this site, (other than via an e-mail message), we use security software to encrypt the information before and during its transmission through the Internet. We only allow information to be submitted for transmission if your browser is compatible with our security software. If your browser is not compatible, you will receive a message indicating your transaction can be completed but at a lower level of security. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.  
0 	E-mail messages are not secure. Our security software does not encrypt e-mail messages. E-mail messages traveling through the Internet are subject to viewing, alteration, and copying by potentially anyone on the Internet.  
0 	You should exercise discretion with respect to the submission of any personal or financial information via e-mail. If you are concerned about the security of your communication, we encourage you to send your correspondence through the postal service or use the telephone to speak directly to us. We are not responsible for the security or confidentiality of communications you send to us through the Internet using e-mail messages.  
0 	 What Can You Do as a Customer to Help Maintain the Security of Information When Accessing Allstate Over the Internet?    Some steps you can take to maintain the security of your information include:   Utilize the latest, updated version of your Web browser.     Keep your User ID and PIN or password confidential. Utilize a PIN or password unique to you and, if possible, change it frequently.     Make sure others are not watching you enter your User ID, PIN or password on your keyboard when using the Customer Care Center or when using other protected areas of Allstate.com.     Do not leave your computer unattended while logged onto our Customer Care Center or other protected areas of Allstate.com. After you've finished accessing your information, exit the Customer Care Center or other protected area within Allstate.com, and close your browser window.  
0 	 Whose Privacy Statement Applies to Links and Co-Branded Sites?    Allstate provides links to other sites as a convenience to persons who visit the Allstate web site. If you choose to use the services provided by those sites, you may be asked by those sites to provide certain personally identifiable information (some of which may be shared with Allstate). Please be aware that Allstate is not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy policies of every Web site that you visit, as the privacy policies of those sites may differ from ours. Our Privacy Statement applies solely to this Web site.  
0 	 Social Media Widgets    Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.  
0 	 Changes to the Online Privacy Policy    We may modify our privacy policy from time to time. Please take a look at the revised date at the top of this page to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Each of our customers receives a copy of our privacy policy annually.  
0 	 Your Preference for Sharing Personal Information    We would like to share your personal information with one or more Allstate affiliates in order to make you aware of different products, services and offers they can provide. However, you can request that Allstate and its affiliate companies not share your personal information with our affiliates for marketing products and services.
0 	To request that we not allow other Allstate affiliates to use your personal information to market their products and services, you can contact us by calling 1-800-856-2518 twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. Please keep in mind that it may take up to four weeks to process your request. If you previously contacted us and asked us not to allow other Allstate affiliates to use your personal information, your previous choice still applies and you do not need to contact us again. If you would like to change your previous choice please call the number above at any time.  
0 	We hope you have found this Important Notice helpful. If you are not comfortable with any of the terms or policies described in this Privacy Statement, we ask that you discontinue use of our site. Please be aware that we may periodically update or revise this Privacy Statement. If we make a material change to our online Privacy Statement, we will post a notice on our homepage notifying users that the policy has been revised.  
0 	 We Appreciate Your Business    Thank you for choosing Allstate. We understand your concerns about privacy and confidentiality and hope this notice has been helpful to you. We value our relationship with you and look forward to keeping you in Good Hands.  
0 	If you have questions or would like more information, please don't hesitate to contact your Allstate agent or call the Allstate Customer Information Center at 1-800-ALLSTATE.  
0 	We reserve the right to change our Privacy practices, procedures, and terms. Allstate Insurance Company  
0 	 About TRUSTe    Allstate Insurance ("Allstate") has been awarded TRUST's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this Web site, http://www.allstate.com and http://www.miallstate.com. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions.  
0 	If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they should first contact Allstate at customerprivacy@allstate.com. If they do not receive acknowledgment of their inquiry or their inquiry is not satisfactorily addressed, they should then contact TRUSTe through the TRUSTeWatchdog Dispute Resolution Process. TRUSTe will serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve users concerns. All the rights in the TRUSTe mark(s) belong to TRUSTe.  
0 	 Allstate Insurance Company    List of affiliates to which this notice applies: Allstate County Mutual Insurance Company, Allstate Finance Company, Allstate Financial Services, LLC (LSA Securities in LA and PA), Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company, Allstate Indemnity Company, Allstate Investment Management Company, Allstate Life Insurance Company, Allstate Life Insurance Company of New York, Allstate Motor Club, Inc., Allstate New Jersey Insurance Company , Allstate New Jersey Property and Casualty Insurance Company , Allstate Property and Casualty Insurance Company, Allstate Texas Lloyd's, Allstate Texas Lloyd's, Inc., Allstate Vehicle and Property Insurance Company, Deerbrook General Agency, Inc., Deerbrook Insurance Company, North Light Specialty Insurance Company, Northbrook Indemnity Company, Please Note: Allstate affiliates American Heritage Life Insurance Company, Castle Key Insurance Company and Castle Key Indemnity Company participate in information sharing with the affiliates listed above, but have a separate privacy notice for their customers.  
0 	 State Specific Information    For California residents: Pursuant to California law, we need to disclose to you that we would obtain your consent before sharing medical information for marketing purposes.  
0 	For Montana residents: Pursuant to Montana law, you may also request a record of any disclosure of your medical information during the preceding three years. Please send requests to: Allstate Insurance Company Customer Privacy Inquiries, P.O. Box 40047, Roanoke, VA 24022-0047  
0 	For Nevada Residents: Allstate is committed to serving you when and where you prefer as we help you protect what you have today and prepare you for the future. To that end, and as Nevada law requires, if you do not want to receive sales calls from Allstate, you have the option to be placed on our internal "do not call" list. (Please disregard this notice if you have already been added to Allstate's internal "do not call" list.) You may make this request in the following convenient ways:   Contact your local Allstate agency     Call 1-800-ALLSTATE and speak with a customer representative     Visit allstate.com, click on Contact Us and send us an e-mail     Write to us at Allstate Insurance Company, Attn: Customer Service, P.O.Box 40047, Roanoke, VA 24022-0047  
0 	In your discussion or correspondence with us, please be sure to provide us with your name, address and all telephone numbers you wish to include on our list. If you have questions about this notice, you may contact us at the address listed above or you may also contact the Nevada Attorney General's office at: Office of the Nevada Attorney General Bureau of Consumer Protection 555 E.Washington Avenue.; Suite 3900 Las Vegas, NV 89101 Phone: (702) 486-3132 Email: BCPINFO@ag.state.nv.us  
0 	Please note that Allstate's "do not call" list is limited only to telephone solicitation calls. We may still contact you about your Allstate policy, billing issues, claims and other service matters.  
0 	For Vermont residents: We won't share your personal information with Allstate companies for marketing purposes except as allowed by Vermont law.
0 	 Privacy and Security Commitment    Our Promise to You   Dallas County Community College District's (DCCCD) Privacy Commitment is based on two principles. We promise to: Comply with all the applicable local, state and federal laws and regulations; and Protect your privacy while still offering relevant, personalized service.  
0 	DCCCD is a public higher education institution and therefore bound by the Texas Public Information Act and the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA). Continue reading for more detailed information about DCCCD's Privacy and Security Commitment.  
0 	 Texas Public Information Act    The Texas Public Information Act requires disclosure of information by a public body -- unless the law specifically protects the information. Most information kept by a public body is public under the Act. The State Attorney General enforces this Act.  
0 	 Family Education Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (FERPA)    FERPA protects educational records of a student from public disclosure without written permission of the student. Although many exceptions to the Act exist, the exceptions are very limited. The Department of Education enforces this Act.  
0 	 Directory Information    Unless you request that your information be withheld, to comply with FERPA, DCCCD may release information classified as "directory information" to the general public without the written consent of the student. Directory information includes:   name;     home address;     home telephone number;     email addresses;     field of study;     photograph;     dates of attendance;     enrollment status, i.e., full-time, part-time, undergraduate, graduate;     degrees, certificates and other honors and awards received;     the type of award received, i.e., academic, technical, tech-prep, or continuing education;     participation in officially recognized activities;     weight and height of members of athletic teams;     student classification;     name of the most recent previous institution attended  
0 	 How to request that your directory information be withheld    A student may request that the institution withhold from the public all or any part of the student's directory information. To request withholding of this information, a student shall give written notice (in person, by mail or fax) to the Registrar's Office during the first 12 class days of a Fall or Spring semester or the first four class days of a Summer session. If they are unable to provide written notice within these time frames, credit students may protect their directory information at any time during the academic year through eConnect's 'My Privacy' feature. If a request to withhold information is not made, the institution shall release all directory information.  
0 	Directory information is released only upon written request unless permitted by law. Telephone requests are not acceptable. Transcripts or academic records are not released without a student's written consent except as allowed by law.  
1 	 Information collected by DCCCD    DCCCD's Web servers only record the visitor's Internet Protocol (IP) address.  
0 	We also use Google's services (Google Analytics, Google's Display Advertising, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager Integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting) to record and review additional information about our users to improve our user experience and services.  
0 	You can review the information Google has about you in Google's Ads Settings and opt-out of the tracking at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.  Cookies and how they are used   
1 	We use cookies to:   Store visitors' preferences;     Record session information;     Record user-specific information on what pages visitors visit;     Customize webpage content on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends;     Show DCCCD ads to people who have previously visited our website.  
0 	 How to view your information    Currently enrolled (or recently enrolled) credit students who are registered at one of DCCCD's nine locations can obtain access to their personal information through eConnect, a secure web interface that requires you to enter your student identification number and a password. The following information is available to registered students:   Class schedule information     Email address     Financial Aid information     Grades     Payment information     Student ID number     Student Information Profile     Registration summary/fee receipts that contain: Address     Class schedule information     Student ID number  
0 	 How to update/correct your student record    Currently enrolled (or recently enrolled students) credit students can correct their Student Information Profile and email address online through eConnect.  
0 	If any of the remaining personal information in your student record contains an error, please visit the Registrar's Office and request that the error be corrected. Make sure you take a photo identification card with you. Dallas TeleCollege students should visit the Dallas TeleCollege Registrar's Contact Us website.  
0 	 Security    DCCCD has carefully implemented the information technology industry's best practices in security measures to ensure that: 1) the information you entrust to us is not intercepted or abused; and 2) to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.  
0 	Industry standard technologies like Secure Socket Layers (SSL) are used to protect your credit card information, email address, social security number and other information so it cannot be read as it travels on the Internet. Verisign, the leading provider of digital trust services, provides secure payment processing for your online transactions with DCCCD's eConnect. For Verisign's security information please visit their website at http://www.verisign.com/truste.  
0 	Please send comments or questions to DCCCD's Director of Internet Publishing.
0 	Privacy Policy  
1 	The GW Medical Faculty Associates (MFA) is committed to respecting your privacy. In general, you can visit The MFA on the Web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. In some areas, however, you may choose services that require you to provide us with information by which you can be identified. Once any personally identifiable information is received, you can be assured that it will only be used to support your relationship with the MFA.  
1 	The MFA uses the information collected from you to better understand your needs and to provide you with better service. Specifically, we use your information to communicate back to you, to update you on services and benefits, and to personalize our website for you.  
0 	MFA will not sell, rent, or lease your personally identifiable information to others without your express permission. Unless we have your permission or are required by law, we will only share the personal data you provide online with authorized personnel within the institution. The MFA will not use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without letting you know and offering you a choice.  
0 	The MFA is committed to ensuring the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.  
0 	Disclaimer   To assist users in finding related information, MFA provides links to other websites. Once users have left the MFA website and have entered another site, they are subject to the privacy policy of that site and MFA cannot be responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
0 	Privacy Policy  
0 	Cincymuseum.org and all other websites and/or domains hosted in conjunction with this domain (the "Site") are services of Cincinnati Museum Center (CMC), a non-profit organization based in Cincinnati, OH.  
0 	Cincinnati Museum Center has created this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting your information and informing you about how we handle your information. This privacy policy applies to all interactions with, transactions made, and data gathered on the Site. Please review this privacy policy periodically as we may update it from time to time. This privacy policy was last revised per the date listed below. Each time you visit the Site or provide us with information, by doing so you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy at that time.  
1 	 Your IP Address    Like most websites, each time you visit the Site, we automatically collect your IP address and the web page from which you came. We use your IP address in order to administer and optimize the Site for you and to diagnose problems with our Site, and, in certain cases, to help identify you.  
1 	 Cookies    Like most websites, the Site uses cookies to keep track of your purchases and other activity on the Site and enhance your experience on the Site. We also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your password, and if you choose, to save other information so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site. If you wish to disable these cookies, the "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how. However, if you set your browser to disable cookies, you may not be able to access certain areas on the Site.  
1 	 Information We Collect From You    In order to operate the Site and provide you with information on products and services that may be of interest to you, we may collect personal information (i.e. information that could be used to contact you, such as full name, postal address, phone number and email address), financial information (e.g. passwords and credit card numbers) and demographic information (e.g. zip code, hometown, gender, purchase history information and age) from you. Please note that nowhere on the Site do we knowingly collect personal information from directly children under the age of 13.  
0 	 Information Other Web Sites Collect From You    On the Site, we place links to other web sites operated by other parties. Some of these other web sites contain our brand names and trademarks and other intellectual property that we own; others do not. When you click on these links and visit these other web sites, regardless of whether or not they contain our brand names, trademarks and other intellectual property, you need to be aware that we do not control these other web sites or these other web sites' business practices, and that this privacy policy does not apply to these other web sites. Consequently, the operators of these other web sites may collect different kinds of information about you, and may use and disclose that information in different ways than we would if it were collected on the Site. We encourage you to review their privacy policies and remind you that we will not be responsible for their actions.  
1 	 How We Use Personal Information    We use your personal information to help us efficiently perform transactions on the Site, to deliver the services you have requested, to contact you when necessary in connection with events for which you purchased items and services on the Site (including event confirmations, changes and cancellations), and to send you information, offers and other promotional materials. We carefully select the information we send to you and attempt to send you offers that are of value to you, such as discounts, exclusive offers or special event information.  
0 	We do not share or sell email addresses gathered on the Site.  
0 	Transactions. To process transactions on the Site, we may share your personal information with our agents, representatives, contractors and service providers so they can provide us with support services such as authorization of credit card transactions, order fulfillment and sweepstakes and promotional fulfillment. We require these entities not to use your information for any other purpose.  
0 	Tickets. We use a third party ticketing agent for ticketing processing. If you purchase a ticket or perform any other transaction through our ticketing partner, their Privacy Policy is in effect for that transaction.  
0 	Newsletter. By subscribing to our email newsletter (or electing to receive communications of any kind through the Site), you consent to us providing your email to our third-party email provider to facilitate the delivery of email. However, your email address will not be otherwise shared or sold.  
0 	Exceptions. Your personal information may be passed on to a third party in the unlikely event of a transfer of ownership or assets, or a bankruptcy, of CMC. We may also disclose specific information when we determine that such disclosure is necessary to comply with law, to cooperate with law enforcement or to protect the interests or safety of Cincinnati Museum Center or other visitors to the Site.  
1 	 How We Use Financial Information    We use your financial information to check your qualifications, to bill you for products and services and to enable you to participate in discount, rebate, and similar programs in which you may elect to participate. By making a purchase, or engaging in any other kind of activity that uses financial information, on the Site, you consent to our providing your financial information to our service providers and to such third parties as we determine is necessary to process your transactions, as well as to your credit card issuer for their purposes. These third parties include the credit card companies and banking institutions used to process the transaction.  
1 	 How We Use Demographic Information    We use demographic information to tailor the Site and communications to the interests of our users. We may share anonymous, aggregated (i.e. grouped) demographic information third parties (such as grant making organizations and foundations), so that they can tailor their advertisements and communications to the appropriate audience.  
0 	 Our Security Precautions    Strong precautions are taken to protect the information of the users of our Site. When users submit sensitive information via the Site, that Information is protected both online and off-line.  
0 	We take credit card information security seriously and use a variety of technical solutions to make shopping safe at our Site. The Site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Furthermore, your information is encrypted and is protected utilizing the industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption software. Our secure server software is among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. We encrypt all of your personal and financial information as it travels over the Internet. In addition, all of the information of our Site's users, including the sensitive information mentioned above, is maintained in locked, secure facilities, whether on CMCs premises or those of the server providers with which we contract.  
0 	Note, your information may be transferred to and maintained on computer networks which may be located outside of the state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction in which you reside, and the country or jurisdiction in which these computer networks are located may not have privacy laws as protective as the laws in your country or jurisdiction.  
0 	 How You Can Access and Update Your Personal Information and other Account Information    We give you the opportunity to modify information you have provided to us at anytime by logging into the system and navigating to your account and selecting those portions of your account you would like to update. Please note that changing or deleting your information through your account profile will only change or delete the data in our database for purposes of transacting future business on the Site and for managing future communications from Cincinnati Museum Center. These changes and deletions will not change or delete:  
0 	A) Information already collected as part of a particular purchase in our transactions database which may be shared with third parties involved in the processing of financial transactions, as discussed above; or  
0 	B) Information that we may have already forwarded to credit card companies or any other third parties, all as provided above in this privacy policy. If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, the practices of the Site, or your dealings with the Site, you can contact us at domains@cincymuseum.org.  
0 	You can also send us mail to: Cincinnati Museum Center, Union Terminal, 1301 Western Ave., Cincinnati, OH 45203  
0 	Please use this contact information only for legal and privacy policy matters. For all other inquiries, refer to the Contact Us section of our home page.  
0 	This document was last revised on 09/29/2011  
0 	Unless otherwise indicated, all material on this site 2011 Cincinnati Museum Center.
0 	Privacy Statement  
0 	The Motley Fool, LLC ("The Motley Fool" or "we" or "us") is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement sets out our privacy practices and explains what we do with the personal information that we collect from you on www.fool.com. Please read the following to understand our practices regarding personal information and how they affect you as you use our features and services. This statement discloses our current privacy practices; if we make material changes to these practices, we will announce them and notify you via email.  
0 	This Privacy Statement answers the following questions:     What information does The Motley Fool gather about you-     How does The Motley Fool use your personal information-     Will The Motley Fool disclose any of your personal information-     What kind of security measures do we take to protect your information from accidental loss or disclosure-     Will The Motley Fool use your information for direct mailings-     How can you deactivate your account or correct or revise information that we have about you-     How do we respect children's privacy-     What else should you know about your privacy-     Does the Motley Fool participate in the Safe Harbor program-     How will you know whether The Motley Fool's privacy policy has changed-  
1 	 What Information Does The Motley Fool Gather About You-    The Motley Fool collects information about our readers so that we can provide a more interesting and useful service, as well as more appropriate advertising. We ask for your name, email address, and other personal information when you register to use certain features of our Web site, or if you sign up for special or personalized services, such as our discussion boards or email newsletters. We also may ask for this information at other times, such as when you enter contests or other promotions sponsored by The Motley Fool and/or our partners. We sometimes conduct surveys as well, although you do not have to respond to them.  
1 	If you use our recommendation service to email one of our articles to a friend, you will need to provide us with your friend's email address and your email address as a return address. We will automatically send this person a one-time email, with the recommended article attached, as well as invite your friend to visit and register with our site. We will not use these email addresses for any other purpose.  
1 	We collect IP addresses for site security and to help us understand how people use our sites so that we can improve our sites and our users' respective experiences. For similar quality reasons, we use a feature known as a "cookie." Cookies contain bits of information that websites transfer to your computer's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can make the Web more convenient by storing information about your preferences on a site. Although we may assign your browser a cookie, the cookie does not tell us who you are. Only you can tell us that. We discuss cookies later in this Privacy Statement.  
1 	When you place an order for a product or service, we need to know the sort of information typically used for credit card transactions, such as your name, mailing and billing addresses (and shipping address, if different), telephone number, and credit card number and expiration date. Gathering this information allows us to process and fulfill your order and notify you of your order status. We will also use your information to contact you regarding your order if necessary. We encrypt all of this information using Secure Socket Layers (SSL) technology.  
1 	If you enter stocks into a Watchlist or premium Scorecard, we will save that information, and use it to identify content that we think is relevant to you. We will also use that information in the aggregate to help us better understand what our community and our premium members are interested in, so we can create and target our content better.  
1 	If you use a Motley Fool application on a third party site or mobile device we may collect data about you including your email address. We will let you know what data, if any, we are collecting at the time.  
0 	Our Web site includes social media features including the Facebook Like button and widgets, such as the Share this button or other interactive mini-programs that run on our site (the "Social Media Features"). These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly us. Your interactions with these Social Media Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.  
0 	You can log in to our site using third party sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on Fool.com to your profile page to share with others within your network.  
1 	We may also collect your email address when you submit content to our sites (for example, a contest entry, or a review of a product). Unless we get your approval, we will not display your address with your submission.  
1 	Besides cookies, we may also use tiny electronic images (called "single-pixel GIFs" or "Web beacons"), which allow us to count users who have visited specific pages or access certain cookies. We may use single-pixel GIFs in the following ways:     To count and recognize users.     To conduct research on behalf of some partners on their websites, and for auditing purposes.     To determine aggregate information about users, including demographic and usage information.     To determine which email messages were opened (and when), as well as acted upon when we send HTML-formatted email messages (messages resembling Web pages that include graphics).  
1 	Our Web beacons do not collect personally identifiable information. You can disable our Web beacon by turning images "off" in your email client.  
0 	Advertising networks that serve ads on our site may also use single-pixel GIFs in their advertisements. In general, any electronic image viewed as part of a Web page, including an ad banner, can act as a Web beacon.  
0 	We have engaged third-party companies to process information about our users on our behalf, to help us improve our sites and find new members. These companies will combine our anonymized data about how you visit our websites with information that they have collected from outside our sites and provide it to us (and only us) so that we can optimize your experience on fool.com across devices and based on your interests. We will not provide the third-party service providers with your name, address, email address, or telephone number.  
0 	If you would like more information about the information we are receiving and your choices with respect to that data, please:     visit the DAA opt-out program the Evidon opt-out program to learn how to opt out of having your information collected in browsers for ad serving purposes;     download the Evidon Ad Control application, available for iOS and Android, to learn how to opt out of having your information collected in mobile apps; and     visit the Network Advertising Initiative's opt out page.  
1 	 How Does The Motley Fool Use Your Personal Information-    The Motley Fool collects personal information to provide you, the user, with the best and most personalized experience possible, and to provide our advertisers with an efficient way to reach the right audience. In short, by knowing a little about you, The Motley Fool can deliver more relevant content and advertisements to you.  
1 	We conduct research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior based upon the information you provide us when you register or participate in contests or other promotions on our site, or based upon information we receive from other sources. This research is usually compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis, but may also be combined with personal information to help us improve your experience. We may also notify you of products, services, or areas of our site that we think may interest you based on the information we've received. If you would prefer us not to contact you for these purposes, simply go to our opt-out page and let us know.  
1 	Sometimes we ask for personal information when providing special features and services. You do not have to give us that information, but without it, you may not be able to take advantage of those products or services. For example, you will be unable to track your personal stock portfolio on our site unless you input the stocks you own, and you may not be able to gain access to certain areas of our site unless you register and/or subscribe.  
0 	 Will The Motley Fool Disclose Any of Your Personal Information-    The Motley Fool will not disclose any personally identifiable information about individual users, except as described in this Privacy Statement. With the few exceptions that we explain here, we do not give, rent, lend, or sell individual information to our advertisers, although we do provide aggregate information. For example, we might tell an advertiser that there are 120,000 Registered Fools in Gotham City, but we will not tell them that Batman is one of them, nor will we tell them that his email address is bruce@statelywaynemanor.com. We may also use this aggregated information to help the advertisers reach the kind of audience they want. They may give us an ad and tell us the type of audience they want to reach (for example, males in the 22314 ZIP code). The Motley Fool (or people working on our behalf, under contracts and confidentiality agreements) would then take the ad and display it to users who have told us they meet those criteria. We may also disclose aggregate information (for example, information showing that 35 million of our readers clicked on a particular Web advertising banner last month) in order to describe our services to prospective partners, advertisers, and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes.  
0 	As for individually identifiable information, we may disclose it only under the following circumstances:  
0 	  We may disclose information to others when we have your consent.  
0 	  If you sign up for a special offer from an advertiser (for example, in our "What Every Fool Needs" or "Special Offers" areas, or whatever we call them if we change their names), we will provide your individual contact information (for example, name, mailing address, email address, and/or telephone number), so that the advertiser or its agent can fulfill the special offer. Once the advertiser receives the information, it will handle the information under its own privacy policies. Obviously, if you do not want a particular advertiser to have your personal information, then you should not sign up for that advertiser's offer.  
0 	  If you sign up for a service that relies upon third parties for important elements, we will provide your personal information to the third parties so that they can provide you with their services, and those companies will treat the data under their own policies. We will tell you about these service providers at the time you sign up for the service.  
0 	  We may disclose information to selected partners, under nondisclosure agreements, only for the purpose of marketing Motley Fool co-branded offerings (such as a Motley Fool newsletter published by another company, a Motley Fool-branded credit card, Motley Fool cereal, or Motley Fool meringues-by-mail baked and delivered with love by eMeringue). Those partners will be able to use the personal information they receive from us only for marketing the co-branded offerings, not for marketing anything else. So, you might get a notice about Motley Fool Morsels, manufactured by Nature's Miracle cereal company, but you will not receive one for that company's other flakes, crisps, or nuggets. Of course, if you then sign up for a co-branded product from our partner, the information you provide to that company will be subject to the partner's own privacy policies. If you would prefer not to hear about such products and services, simply go to our opt-out page and let us know.  
0 	  If you provide us with a "snail mail" address after May 15, 2005, we may provide that information to advertisers so that they can send you mail about their own products and services. If you do not want such mail, you can throw it in the trash, use it for kindling, or go to the opt-out page. Note: This provision does not apply to information received by us before May 15, 2005.  
0 	  If you buy something from us, we will disclose your personal information to the extent necessary to fulfill your order and charge your credit card (if applicable). We may use a fulfillment company to fill and ship your order (excluding products you download directly from our site) and a credit card processing company to verify your card number and process the transaction. For example, if you order a "Fool" cap with your credit card, we need to give your address to the fulfillment house (so that it can ship the cap to you) and your credit card information to the processing company (to confirm payment). We may also give your information to a delivery or postal service so that it can get your order to you.  
0 	  If you use our recommendation service to email one of our articles to a friend, The Motley Fool will automatically send this person a one-time email, with the recommended article attached. The email address you give us will appear on the "From" line of the email, thereby disclosing this information to whoever opens and reads the email. Similarly, if you send email from our site, by using "Reply to Author" or "Email this Post," your address may appear as the return address of that email.  
0 	  We may disclose your personal information as required by applicable law, or in response to legal process, to protect the rights or property of The Motley Fool, or to protect the safety of The Motley Fool, our users, or others.  
0 	  We may sometimes conduct mailings to other people's lists. To make it easier for us to comply with the Federal CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, we may share our email list of people who have requested not to receive promotional communications from us with the list providers (or contractors) solely so that we can avoid sending emails to people who have asked not to receive them (or, conversely, so that our advertisers can avoid sending emails to people who have requested not to hear from them). We provide these lists only to list providers or contractors that we consider to be reputable, and only under strict nondisclosure/nonuse agreements.  
0 	  We may disclose personal information in some other limited circumstances, but we will specifically describe them to you when we collect the information, such as in the rules of a contest or a new service. For example, if we are going to give personal information to a contest's sponsor, we will disclose it when you sign up for the contest, so that you can decide whether to enter.  
0 	  We may employ contractors or other third parties to help with our operations. We may give them access to databases of user information, so that they can perform their services for us, including performing system maintenance, displaying personalized content (such as portfolios), performing list analysis or management, or sending mailings for us from our advertisers. These parties are all subject to confidentiality agreements that restrict their use and disclosure of information they obtain through their relationship with The Motley Fool.  
0 	  The ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to you by our Web advertising partners. Information about your visits to Fool.com and our partner sites, such as the number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address, or other personal information), is used to serve ads to you. For more information about DoubleClick and how to opt-out of their tracking methods, please click here. For more information about AOL, including how to opt-out of their tracking methods, please click here. For more information about Advertising.com, and their opt-out methods, click here. For more information about opting out of advertising generally, please click here.  
0 	  Because we are one big, happy family, The Motley Fool and its subsidiaries may share information for site administration or order fulfillment, and to notify you of products and services that may interest you.  
0 	  If The Motley Fool is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.  
0 	 What Kind of Security Measures Do We Take to Protect Your Information From Accidental Loss or Disclosure-    The Motley Fool is committed to protecting your personal information. We store information you provide us on our secure servers. Further, the information you provide when making a purchase is encrypted with SSL technology.  
0 	Personalized areas of our sites, such as My Fool, are password-protected. Only you have access to these password-protected areas. Do not share your passwords with anyone. The Motley Fool will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or email. If you are using a computer to which others have access, such as one in a computer lab, Internet cafe, or public library, always remember to log out and close your browser window when leaving our site.  
0 	 Data Retention    Upon your request, we will remove your personal information from the website but we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our Fool Rules and take other actions otherwise permitted by law.  
1 	 Will The Motley Fool Use Your Information for Direct Mailings-    If you register with The Motley Fool or sign up for or buy any of our products or services, we will send you information about our various products and services, or other products and services that we believe may interest you. Our partners in co-branded products (for example, our Motley Fool-branded credit card) may also send you information, but only for those Fool-branded products.  
0 	As we stated earlier, we may also provide your physical mailing address (but not your email address) to people who will send you promotional "snail" mailings about their products and services. Note, again: This provision applies only to information received by us after May 15, 2005.  
0 	If you do not want to receive such offers and mailings, you can let us know on our opt-out page, or you may send snail mail to Privacy Penelope, The Motley Fool, 2000 Duke St., 4th Floor, Alexandria, VA 22314. We'll remove your name from our lists as soon as we can. Another way is to simply to click the "unsubscribe" link found in our email messages.  
0 	Please note: If you purchase products or services from us, or if you register for an account with us, we may contact you to confirm your purchase, subscription, or registration, or to provide you with information about its terms or features. You may wish to keep these transactional or relationship emails, to help you use our products and services.  
0 	 How Can You Deactivate or Reactivate Your Account or Edit the Information We Have About You-    If you want to correct, delete/remove or change information in your Personal Profile, or any other tidbits we have about you, please go to http://www.fool.com/Community/EditAccount/EditAccount.asp. Either you will be able to make your changes right there, or we will give you instructions.  
0 	If you want to make changes to your paid Fool newsletter subscriptions or free trials, please email us at CS@fool.com If you want to change your email address for email products, do so here.  
1 	Please note that if you have opted out of receiving emails and other communications from us and you subsequently select to receive one of our free reports or take a free trial subscription, you will need to opt out again if you still prefer us not to contact you. Otherwise, we may contact you using the email address you provided us at the time you signed up for the free report or offer.  
0 	To cancel any of your free email subscriptions, do so at your Account Settings page or click the unsubscribe link within the emails.  
0 	 How Do We Respect Children's Privacy-    Our sites are not directed at children under the age of 13. We operate our sites in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and will not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from anyone under 13.  
0 	 Does The Motley Fool Participate in the Safe Harbor Program-    The Motley Fool complies with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. The Motley Fool has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view our certification, please visit www.export.gov/safeharbor/.  
0 	 What Else Should You Know About Your Privacy-    When you post information on discussion boards, in chat rooms, and in such features as your Personal Profile or your Foolish Interview, that information, along with your screen name, is visible to the public. Please remember that whenever you disclose personal information publicly that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online where people can see it, people will know that information and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. If you do not want strangers to have your email address, you should not post your email address on a discussion board. Similarly, if you do not want people to know that you are President Barack Obama and you use our "Living Below Your Means" discussion board for help in balancing the federal budget, then you should not post that information, Mister President.  
0 	Also please be aware that when you post messages on our discussion boards, people can respond to your posts through our "Reply to Author" email function. Of course, they still will not know your email address (unless you send email to them).  
0 	This Privacy Statement applies to the operations of The Motley Fool, LLC, which serves users in the United States of America, and by using the sites and providing us with personal data you are consenting to our processing data in the United States and under its laws. Data handling practices and rules may differ from country to country. Each Motley Fool entity (e.g., The Motley Fool Limited, which operates fool.co.uk in the United Kingdom) may have different policies, which will apply to (and be stated on) its sites.  
0 	While we do our best to protect your personal information, The Motley Fool cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. What does all of this mean- Just as in the investing world, you must protect yourself. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any password and/or account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online, especially when using a computer that other people can use also.  
0 	Many of our advertisers or partners, such as brokerages, merchants, or data providers, link from our site to areas on their own sites where they sell their own products and services. If you follow links from our site to others, you should be aware that you are doing business with those other sites, which have their own privacy and data collection practices. The Motley Fool has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies (and we may not even know what they are). For more information regarding a site and its privacy policies, check that site.  
0 	 How Will You Know Whether The Motley Fool's Privacy Policy Has Changed-    We may change this Privacy Statement at any time, but we will give notice of any material change (or any notices that we are required to give you) on our websites and/or in email messages prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy.  
0 	Last Updated: December 1st, 2014
0 	 Zacks Investment Research Privacy Policy   
1 	Since our inception in 1978, we have sought to have long-term relationships with our customers. Thus, we do not wish to profit from the unwanted distribution of your private information or to inundate you with unnecessary e-mails or other material. The information you may choose to provide includes any or all of the following: email address, name, postal address, and phone number. In fact, we only disclose the information you provide us or send you information if you authorize us to do so by choosing to receive e-mail services on our Zacks.com Web site or opting into third party mailings. With your approval, we use the information you provide us in the following ways:  
1 	 Zacks Investment Research Internal List    Everyone who submits personal information to Zacks Investment Research online will receive, via e-mail, our free weekly newsletters: Profit from the Pros. Through Profit from the Pros, we provide original and exclusive content from Zacks Investment Research and Zacks.com. We also distribute commentary and investment ideas from independent third parties, who produce financial news publications and who compensate Zacks Investment Research for distributing their newsletters. From time-to-time, we will also send or contact you regarding special offers for products and services from Zacks Investment Research and our affiliates. You can unsubscribe from these e-mails at any time by going to http://register.zacks.com/unisub.php.  
1 	 Zacks Investment Research Opt-In Marketing List    During the Zacks.com registration process, we include the contact information you provide us on the Zacks Investment Research opt-in marketing list. We "rent" our opt-in marketing list to outside marketers who have special offers that may be of interest to you. Please note that we "rent" our marketing list, but we do not sell your information to third parties. Zacks Investment Research controls the process through an agreement with an e-mail service provider, which handles the distribution of e-mails from Zacks Investment Research and its business partners. We keep tight control over our marketing list at all times. We only give outside marketers the right to send you an e-mail through our e-mail service provider. Additionally, Zacks Investment Research is selective about which companies we permit to send you an offer. Zacks will use names for Market Research Our goal is for the e-mails to be of value to you. As always, you can unsubscribe from these e-mails at any time by going to http://register.zacks.com/unisub.php.  
1 	 Zacks Investment Research Postal and Telemarketing Lists    Everyone who submits personal postal and phone number information to Zacks Investment Research online may receive special direct mail and telemarketing offers from outside marketers that may be of interest to you. As with our other lists, we "rent" our postal and phone marketing lists and do not sell your information to third parties. Zacks Investment Research controls the process through an agreement with a postal list service bureau and phone call centers, which handles the distribution of direct mail and telemarketing offers from Zacks Investment Research and its business partners. Outside marketers are only given the right to send you a piece of direct mail through our bureau or call you through a telemarketing firm with our approval. All phone numbers on the Zacks telemarketing list are processed through the National Do Not Call Directory to remove anyone registered there. Zacks Investment Research is selective about the companies we permit to send your offers and the offers being sent. Naturally, you can unsubscribe from these direct marketing offers at any time by calling us at 1-800-767-3771 ext. 9339 or emailing your request to support@zacks.com.  
1 	 Zacks Premium    If you subscribe to the Zacks Premium subscription service, you will be included in our internal email and postal marketing lists. You will only be added to the Opt-In Marketing list if you do not uncheck the offer box included as part of registration. We collect your credit card information solely for payment of your subscription. It is shared only with our credit card processor in order to complete the transaction.  
0 	 Co-Registration    In various registration processes on the Zacks web site, we offer you the opportunity to take free offers from third-party publishers by checking an "opt-in" box by each offer. If you check any box to receive an offer, your name, email address, and/or mailing address will be shared with the appropriate publisher.  
1 	 Paid Expert Newsletters    If you decide to subscribe to any of our paid newsletters, we collect your credit card information solely for payment of your subscription, and it is shared only with our credit card processor in order to complete the transaction.  
1 	 Other Privacy Issues    Cookies: Zacks Investment Research uses cookies, tags, pixels and similar technologies to enhance your experience on the internet. These technologies allow us to recognize your preference information, keep track of the choices you make concerning the e-mails you wish to receive, and to facilitate effective Web site administration. You may elect to refuse cookies. Please refer to your browser''s Help instructions to learn more about cookies.  
0 	Do Not Email Lists: If you opt out from a Zacks.com Opt-In Marketing List, Zacks Investment Research Internal List, or unsubscribe from a Zacks offer sent by another list vendor, you will be added to our Do Not Email list, and we will suppress your email address from future mailings to the Zacks Investment Research Internal List and Opt-In Marketing List, as well as any other Zacks mailings done through a third party. This process usually completes within 72 hours but can take up to 10 days in rare situations. However, if you later register for a Zacks product again, your name will be removed from the Do Not Email list.  
0 	Please note that while Zacks will not freely distribute the information you submit, if you click to unsubscribe from mailings sent to the Zacks.com Opt-In Marketing List from a particular marketer, we are obligated to share your email address with that marketer for the purpose of being added to their Do Not Mail list. How that mailer manages your email address after that time is beyond Zacks.com control.  
0 	Children's Online Privacy Protection Rule: If a child has provided us with private information without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should e-mail us to remove the information and unsubscribe the child from any promotional contact opportunities. Contact Information: If you experience any privacy related difficulties on Zacks.com, please use the following contact information: support@zacks.com.  
0 	Updated 5/14
1 	 Privacy Policy    Your privacy is important to us. Public Citizen does not automatically collect personal information from people who visit or interact with our website. This privacy policy applies to the www.citizen.org website.  
1 	If you provide your name, postal address, email address, phone number, or other information via a form on the website, we may store that information and contact you about our work. Except as outlined below, we do not sell, rent, trade, or otherwise disclose to any business, organization, individual, or other outside entity information provided by people who visit or interact with the website.  
0 	 Taking Action    We do not disclose the information you enter on an action page to any outside entity - except as follows:   If you sign a petition, your name and state may be included in an electronic file or hard-copy printout delivered to legislators or other policymakers.     If you email a member of Congress or other policymaker, submit a comment to a government agency, send a letter-to-the-editor, or take any other action that generates a communication to an outside entity, the information you enter on the action page may be passed along to that outside entity.     We may give consultants and organizations working with us on specific projects temporary access to information about our online action-takers. They will not retain the information or contact the people whose information they have access to.     We may offer to connect you to other activists or volunteer organizers. Before doing so, we will notify you by email with an option to decline.  
0 	Once you take action, we will send you emails about our work. To stop receiving emails, complete the form at http://action.citizen.org/unsubscribe.jsp.  
0 	 Signing Up for Email Lists or E-Newsletters    We do not disclose the information you enter on a sign-up page to any outside entity - except as follows: We may give consultants and organizations working with us on specific projects temporary access to such information; they will not retain the information or contact the people whose information they have access to. To stop receiving emails, complete the form at http://action.citizen.org/unsubscribe.jsp.  
0 	 Making Donations or Payments    The information you enter on a donation or payment page may be shared with third-party service providers (such as services that verify credit card data).  
0 	If you donate, your contact information may be added to a donor file that is occasionally exchanged with other progressive organizations. You can opt out of such exchanges by contacting our Member Services team at (800) 289-3787 or member@citizen.org.  
0 	We may give consultants and organizations working with us on specific projects temporary access to information about people who make donations or payments; they will not retain the information or contact the people whose information they have access to.  
0 	 Security    Public Citizen is fully compliant with PCI-DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard) and does not maintain credit card information on any of our servers. Public Citizen's network is protected at the perimeter by firewalls that include intrusion detection and prevention capabilities, and all servers and workstations have centrally managed antivirus software. Servers and workstations are patched regularly and monitored for signs of suspicious activity. Access to Public Citizen's network is restricted to Public Citizen-owned devices. Data in transit outside of Public Citizen's secure network is encrypted.  
0 	 Contacting Us    If you contact us by phone or email, we may keep a record so that we can follow up with you if necessary. We do not disclose the information in that record to any outside entity unless you give us permission to do so or unless disclosure is compelled by law.  
1 	 Cookies and IP Addresses    Our website uses cookies for these reasons:   so that you don't have to reenter information on action, donate, or payment pages;     for tracking traffic so that we can evaluate and improve the website; and     to facilitate outreach based on visitors' interests.    
1 	For systems administration and troubleshooting, we log the IP address (the location on the Internet) of the computer or network from which someone visits the website. We also use IP addresses in the aggregate to track traffic so that we can evaluate and improve the website.  
0 	 Updates to This Policy    This page reflects the current policy at any given time. It may be updated occasionally. It was most recently updated on May 21, 2015.  
0 	 Questions    If you have questions about this privacy policy, contact our Member Services team at (800) 289-3787 or member@citizen.org.
0 	Bank of America U.S. Online Privacy Notice  
0 	Last updated July 24, 2014  
0 	This U.S. Online Privacy Notice (Notice) applies to this Bank of America online interface (i.e., website or mobile application) and any Bank of America U.S. affiliate or subsidiary online interface that links to this Notice, (each, a Site, and, collectively, Sites). The term "Bank of America" or "we" or "us" or "our" in this Notice refers to banking and non-banking U.S. affiliates or subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation that link to this Notice. This Notice describes how Sites may collect, use and share information from or about you, and explains how information may be collected and used for advertising purposes.  
0 	Bank of America provides other online interfaces not covered by this Notice. If you visit or access your accounts from one of these sites, please review the online privacy practices of that site to understand how your online information may be collected, used and shared.  
0 	For U.S. account holders and visitors to this Site, we will use and share any information that we collect from or about you in accordance with the Bank of America U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice, which provides choices in the use and sharing of information. For Non-U.S. account holders utilizing this Site, we will use and share your account information in accordance with the privacy disclosure that covers your account and with the privacy and security rules applicable to the Bank of America affiliate or subsidiary that provides that account to you.  
0 	Additional information on our Privacy Security practices may be found on our Sites and within Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs). Although the additional information is provided as a resource, the terms and conditions of this Notice control, and by using the Site, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Notice.  
0 	 Collecting and Using Information     Personal Information We Collect Online    Personal Information means personally identifiable information such as information you provide via forms, surveys, applications or other online fields including name, postal or email addresses, telephone, fax or mobile numbers, or account numbers.  
0 	 How We Use Personal Information    We may use Personal Information:  
1 	to respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests; 
1 	to inform you about important information regarding the Site, products or services for which you apply or may be interested in applying for, or in which you are already enrolled, changes to terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information; 
1 	to deliver marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to you, including, ads or offers tailored to you; 
1 	to personalize your experience on the Site; 
1 	to allow you to apply for products or services (e.g., to prequalify for a mortgage, apply for a credit card, or to open a retirement account, investment account or other financial product) and evaluate your eligibility for such products or services; 
1 	to verify your identity and/or location (or the identity or location of your representative or agent) in order to allow access to your accounts, conduct online transactions and to maintain measures aimed at preventing fraud and protecting the security of account and Personal Information; 
1 	to allow you to participate in surveys and other forms of market research, sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions and to administer these activities. Some of these activities have additional rules, which may contain additional information about how Personal Information is used and shared; 
1 	to allow you to use some Site financial planning tools. Information that you enter into one of these planning tools may be stored for future access and use. You have the option not to save the information; 
1 	collected through aggregation services such as My Portfolio and My Financial Picture in order to consolidate your financial account information at one online location; understand what product or service may be of interest to you; and present you with offers; 
1 	collected through our social media pages and other online interactions with you to assist in verifying your identity and account status. We may combine this online information with information collected from offline sources or information we already have; 
1 	for business purposes, including data analysis, audits, developing and improving products and services, enhancing the Site, identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of promotional campaigns; 
1 	for risk control, for fraud detection and prevention, to comply with laws and regulations, and to comply with other legal process and law enforcement requirements; 
1 	to allow you to utilize features within our Sites by granting us access to information from your device such as contact lists, or geo-location when you request certain services. 
0 	 How Personal Information is Shared    Please see the Bank of America U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice for information on how Personal Information may be shared and how you may be able to limit certain types of sharing.  
0 	 Other Information We Collect Online    Other Information is any information other than Personal Information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual, such as browser information, information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies, demographic information, other information provided by you such as your date of birth or household income, and aggregated and de-identified data.  
1 	 How We Collect and Use Other Information    We and our third-party service providers may collect and use Other Information in a variety of ways, including:  
1 	Through your browser or device: Certain information is collected by most browsers and/or through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, device type, screen resolution, operating system version and internet browser type and version. We use this information to ensure Sites function properly, for fraud detection and prevention, and security purposes.  
1 	Using cookies: Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the device you are using. Cookies we use do not contain or capture unencrypted Personal Information. Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Site, pages visited, language preferences, and your relationship with us. We use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, to personalize/tailor your experience while engaging with us, and to recognize your device to allow your use of our online products and services. We collect statistical information about the usage of the Site in order to continually improve the design and functionality, to monitor responses to our advertisements and content, to understand how account holders and visitors use the Site and to assist us with resolving questions regarding the Site. We also utilize cookies for advertising purposes. Please see the    Advertising section below for more information.   
0 	You can refuse to accept these cookies and most devices and browsers offer their own privacy settings for cookies. You will need to manage your cookie settings for each device and browser you use. However, if you do not accept these cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Site and some online products and services. For example, we will not be able to recognize your device and you will need to answer a challenge question each time you log on. You also may not receive tailored advertising or other offers from us that may be relevant to your interests and needs.  
1 	Other technologies including pixel tags, web beacons, and clear GIFs: These may be used in connection with some Site pages, downloadable mobile applications and HTML-formatted email messages to measure the effectiveness of our communications, the success of our marketing campaigns, to compile statistics about usage and response rates, to personalize/tailor your experience while engaging with us online and offline, for fraud detection and prevention, for security purposes, for advertising, and to assist us in resolving account holders questions regarding use of our Site. Please see our    Advertising section below for more information regarding our use of other technologies.   
1 	Flash objects: As part of our solutions for online authentication, we use Flash objects (sometimes referred to as Local Shared Objects) to help us recognize you and your device when you come back to the Site. For our pages running Adobe Flash content (demos and tutorials with moving content), we use Flash objects to determine your browser type and version of Adobe Flash in order for you to view the content. We do not use Flash objects for any online behavioral advertising purpose. Deleting cookies does not delete Flash objects. You can learn more about Flash objects - including how to control and disable them - through the Adobe interface. If you choose to disable Flash objects from our Site, then you may not be able to access and use all or part of the Site or benefit from the information and services offered.  
1 	IP Address: Your IP Address is a number that is automatically assigned to the device that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). An IP Address is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user visits the Site, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited. Collecting IP Addresses is standard practice on the internet and is done automatically by many web sites. We use IP Addresses for purposes such as calculating Site usage levels, helping diagnose server problems, to personalize/tailor your experience while engaging with us online and offline, for compliance and security purposes, for advertising, and administering the Site. Please see the    Advertising section below for more information.   
1 	Aggregated and De-identified Data: Aggregated and De-identified Data is data that we may create or compile from various sources, including but not limited to accounts and transactions. This information, which does not identify individual account holders, may be used for our business purposes, which may include offering products or services, research, marketing or analyzing market trends, and other purposes consistent with applicable laws.  
0 	 Additional Information    Third party widgets " we may allow certain widgets (e.g., social share buttons) on our Sites that enable users to easily share information on another platform, such as a social media platform. The third parties that own these widgets may have access to information about your browsing on pages of our Sites where these widgets are placed. You may wish to review information at the third party site, such as social media platforms where you have an account, to determine how these third parties collect and treat such information. Also, see  
1 	 Linking to other sites and Social media sites below.     Advertising    Bank of America advertises online (e.g., pages within our Sites and mobile apps through bank managed social media presences, and on other sites and mobile apps not affiliated with Bank of America) and offline (e.g. in banking centers, through call centers, and direct marketing). In order to understand how advertising performs, we may collect certain information on our Sites and other sites and mobile apps through our advertising service providers using cookies, IP addresses, and other technologies. The collected information may include the number of page visits, pages viewed on our Sites, search engine referrals, browsing activities over time and across other sites following your visit to one of our Sites or apps, and responses to advertisements and promotions on the Sites and on sites and apps where we advertise.  
1 	Bank of America uses information described in this Notice to help advertise our products and services, including prescreened offers of credit, in a variety of ways. We use such information to:  
1 	Present tailored ads, to you including:   Banner ads and splash ads that appear as you sign on or off of your online accounts on our Sites, within mobile banking and other mobility applications  E-mail, postal mail, and telemarketing, and,  On other sites and mobile apps not affiliated with Bank of America;   Analyze the effectiveness of our ads; and  Determine whether you might be interested in new products or services
1 	 How we tailor ads:     Relationship based advertising    In order to help make our advertising informative and useful, we may use information about your relationship with us (such as types of accounts, transactional information or the state in which you bank) to help determine which advertisements or offers to present to you.  
1 	 Online Behavioral Advertising    We or our advertising service providers may use certain information about your activities on our Sites, such as pages visited and search key words entered to help determine which of our advertisements or offers may be of interest to you. We limit access and collection of information for specific purposes by advertising service providers. We may use this online information for online and offline advertising.  
1 	 Advertising on third party sites and mobile apps    Bank of America contracts with advertising companies to advertise our products and services on sites and mobile apps not affiliated with us. We may use Aggregated and De-identified Data and information provided by you to these third party sites and mobile apps to select which of our advertisements or offers may appeal to you, display them to you and monitor your responses. Third Party sites and mobile apps are not subject to Bank of America Privacy Notices. Please visit the individual sites and mobile apps for additional information on their data and privacy practices and opt out policies.  
0 	 Online Behavioral Advertising on third party sites and mobile apps    Some of our tailored ads are online behavioral advertising, and may be served using data collected by third party providers. Ads served on our behalf by these companies do not contain unencrypted Personal Information and we limit the use of information by companies that serve our ads. To learn more about this practice and your choices in connection with it, see the section  
0 	 Advertising Choices below     Advertising Choices    You may set your choices for advertising in the following ways:  
0 	Online Behavioral Advertising: If you prefer we not use information based on online Site behavior to provide online and offline tailored content and advertising, you may opt out of online behavioral advertising.  
0 	Opting out also means that the online content and advertising you receive on our non-servicing sites (i.e. before sign-in) will be untailored and will not be based on your online behavior or your relationship.  
0 	Please note that if you opt out of this advertising, you may still receive untailored advertising from Bank of America. When accessing online account servicing areas (i.e. after sign-in), such as Online Banking or MyMerrill, you may receive tailored content and advertising based on your account relationships. In addition, financial advisors/Client Managers may continue to use information collected online as described in this Notice to provide details on products and services in accordance with account agreements. See  
0 	 Important Reminder section below.    Bank managed Direct Marketing: If you prefer we not deliver you marketing offers in email, postal mail or through telemarketing you may manage your direct marketing choices online or:   by telephone at 1.888.341.5000 -our menu will prompt you through the choices,  through your assigned account representative (e.g., Financial Advisor, Mortgage Loan Officer) or a representative at a banking center 
0 	Advertising on third party sites: Bank of America participates in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) self-regulatory program, uses the Advertising Options Icon on our behavioral ads on third party sites (excluding ads appearing on platforms that do not accept the icon) and adheres to the DAA self-regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. Anyone receiving a behavioral ad may click on the displayed icon to receive more information and can opt out at that time or by visiting the third party site's privacy policy for an opt out mechanism.  
0 	You may also opt out of receiving behavioral ads from many sites through the Network Advertising Initiative's Opt-Out Tool or other tools provided by the publishing platform.  
0 	Please note that if you opt out, you may still receive untailored online advertising from Bank of America. Opting out from a specific third party site means that the ads you receive will not be tailored based on your choices or behavior.  
0 	 Important Reminder    In order for online behavioral advertising opt outs from our Sites and on other sites to work on your device, your browser must be set to accept cookies. If you delete cookies, buy a new device, access our Site or other sites from a different device, login under a different screen name, or change web browsers, you will need to opt-out again. If your browser has scripting disabled, you do not need to opt out, as online behavioral advertising technology does not work when scripting is disabled. Please check your browser's security settings to validate whether scripting is active or disabled.  
0 	 Mobile Applications    Bank of America's Mobile Applications for U.S. accounts ("Applications") allows you to access your account balances and holdings, make deposits, transfers and pay bills on your mobile device. This Notice applies to any Personal Information or Other Information that we may collect through the Applications.  
0 	 Linking to other sites    We may provide links to third party sites, such as credit bureaus, service providers or merchants. If you follow links to sites not affiliated or controlled by Bank of America, you should review their privacy and security policies and other terms and conditions, as they may be different from those of our Sites. Bank of America does not guarantee and is not responsible for the privacy or security of these sites, including the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of their information.  
0 	 Social media sites    Bank of America provides experiences on social media platforms including, but not limited to, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and LinkedIn that enable online sharing and collaboration among users who have registered to use them. Any content you post on official Bank of America managed social media pages, such as pictures, information, opinions, or any Personal Information that you make available to other participants on these social platforms, is subject to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policies of those respective platforms. Please refer to them to better understand your rights and obligations with regard to such content. In addition, please note that when visiting any official Bank of America social media pages, you are also subject to Bank of America's Privacy Notices, Social Media User Terms and Community Guidelines  
0 	 Security    To protect Personal Information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with applicable federal and state laws. These measures may include device safeguards and secured files and buildings as well as oversight of our third party service providers to ensure information remains confidential and secure. Please visit bankofamerica.com/security for additional information.  
0 	 Using other aggregation websites    Other companies offer aggregation websites and services that allow you to consolidate your financial account information from different sources (such as your accounts with us or with other financial institutions) so that you can view all your account information at one online location. To do this, an aggregation provider may request access to Personal Information, such as financial information, usernames and passwords. You should use caution and ensure that the aggregator company has appropriate policies and practices to protect the privacy and security of any information you provide or to which they are gaining access. We are not responsible for the use or disclosure of any Personal Information accessed by any company or person to whom you provide your Site username and password.  
0 	If you provide your Site username, password or other information about your accounts with us to an aggregation website, we will consider that you have authorized all transactions or actions initiated by an aggregation website using access information you provide, whether or not you were aware of a specific transaction or action. If you decide to revoke the authority you have given to an aggregation website, we strongly recommend that you change your password for the Site to ensure that the aggregation website cannot continue to access your account.  
0 	 Making sure information is accurate    Keeping your account information accurate and up to date is very important. If your account information is incomplete, inaccurate or not current, please use the Contact Us option on our Site, or call or write to us at the telephone numbers or appropriate address for changes listed on your account statements, records, online or other account materials. You can also speak to a customer representative at a banking center, your Financial Advisor or account representative.  
0 	 Protecting childrens privacy online    The Site is not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13) and we request that these individuals do not provide Personal Information through the Site. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 without parental consent. Visit the Federal Trade Commission website for more information about the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).   
0 	Protecting individual health information    To the extent that we receive, maintain, or process an individual's protected health information, Bank of America may disclose that information as authorized by and in accordance with applicable federal and/or state law.  
0 	 Updates to this Privacy Notice    This U.S. Online Privacy Notice is subject to change. Please review it periodically. If we make changes to the U.S. Online Privacy Notice, we will revise the Last Updated date at the top of this Notice. Any changes to this Notice will become effective when we post the revised Notice on the Site. Your use of the Site following these changes means that you accept the revised Notice.  
0 	Cookie Guide   The use of cookies and similar technologies is a common internet practice. We have developed a Cookie Guide to provide very general information on cookies and similar technologies. 
0 	View cookie guide (PDF)  
0 	(PDFs require Adobe Reader)  
0 	HomeAccessible BankingPrivacy Security CareersSite Map Advertising Practices   Advertising Practices  
0 	We strive to provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Relationship-based ads and online behavioral advertising help us do that.  
1 	Here's how it works: We gather information about your online activities, such as the searches you conduct on our Sites and the pages you visit. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have.  
0 	If you prefer that we do not use this information, you may opt out of online behavioral advertising. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising. In addition, financial advisors/Client Managers may continue to use information collected online to provide product and service information in accordance with account agreements.  
0 	Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us.  
0 	To learn more about relationship-based ads, online behavioral advertising and our privacy practices, please review the Bank of America Online Privacy Notice and our Online Privacy FAQs.  
0 	Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender  
0 	2015 Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.  
0 	Important Notice  
0 	You're going to another website  
0 	Before you go, we want you to know the site owner is responsible for what's on their site. Also, their privacy practices and level of security may be different from ours, so please review their policies.  
0 	Continue Go back to Bank of America  
0 	Opt out of online behavioral advertising  
0 	When you opt out, we will not use information based on online Site behavior to provide online and offline tailored content and advertising to you, but you may still receive untailored advertising from Bank of America. In addition, financial advisors/Client Managers may continue to use information collected online to provide product and service information in accordance with account agreements.  
0 	Opting out also means the online content and advertising you receive on our non-servicing sites (before you sign in) will be untailored and will not be based on your online behavior or your relationship with us.  
0 	When accessing online account servicing areas (after you sign in), such as Online Banking or MyMerrill, you may receive tailored content and advertising based on your account relationships.  
0 	Important reminder: In order for this online behavioral advertising opt-out to work on your device, your browser must be set to accept cookies. If you delete cookies, buy a new device, access our Site from a different device, sign in under a different screen name or change web browsers, you will need to opt out again.  
0 	If your browser has scripting disabled, you do not need to opt out, as online behavioral advertising technology does not work when scripting is disabled. Please check your browser's security settings to validate whether scripting is active or disabled.  
0 	The opt-out will take effect upon your next visit using the same device to Bank of America Sites. Click on  
0 	 Submit to opt out of online Site behavior used to provide to provide online and offline tailored content and advertising.    Submit Cancel  
0 	You have successfully opted out of online behavioral advertising
0 	Chase Paymentech Solutions, LLC Privacy Statement   Chase Paymentech Solutions, LLC is committed to safeguarding the privacy and security of the information we collect. This statement explains the policies we follow with respect to the handling of customer information collected by Chase Paymentech.  
0 	 Commitment to Privacy and Security    Chase Paymentech Solutions, LLC and its operating entity Paymentech, LLC (collectively, "Chase Paymentech") are committed to safeguarding the privacy and security of the information we collect. This Privacy Statement explains the policies we follow with respect to the handling of customer information collected by Chase Paymentech. This Privacy Statement covers the services provided by Chase Paymentech to our merchant customers, including merchant customers using the Chase Mobile Checkout application.  
1 	 Information We Collect    Chase Paymentech's customers, the customers of its affiliates, and the customers of other third-parties for which Chase Paymentech may provide outsourced or subcontracted processing services, ("Merchants") are businesses and other legal entities desiring to accept credit or debit cards or other payment methods, as payment for goods or services. Chase Paymentech does not have direct relationships with, or collect information directly from, individual consumers other than in their capacity as owners or operators of a commercial enterprise. Chase Paymentech does not provide services for consumer, personal, family or household purposes. The information we receive and collect is strictly related to our business customers and the payment transactions that we assist them in executing, as well as from prospective or potential business customers or website visitors who may be interested in learning more about our services ("Customer Data"). The transaction information we receive from our Merchants may include personal financial information about their customers or applicants (e.g., name, address, credit or debit card account numbers and expiration dates, etc.) who may be individual consumers and other cardholders ("Cardholder Data"). Chase Paymentech understands that such information is sensitive and takes appropriate steps to protect the confidentiality and security of all information collected by Chase Paymentech in accordance with this Privacy Statement.  
0 	 Customer Data and Cardholder Data    Use and disclosure of Customer Data collected by Chase Paymentech varies based on the information source and type, as set forth below:  
1 	   Browsing the Website.  When you browse Chase Paymentech's website, we may collect information regarding the domain and host from which you access the Internet, the Internet Protocol address of the computer or Internet Service Provider you are using, and anonymous site statistical data. In addition, we may collect information that you voluntarily provide us via online forms and questionnaires, including information you may provide about your business in order to apply to become a Merchant, or thereafter if you use any of our online Merchant services. Chase Paymentech's website is intended for commercial use only, and we collect, retain and use information about visitors to our websites only for specific business purposes, including: (i) to respond to requests for information about our products and services (see "Your Inquiries" below), (ii) to administer the website or improve site performance, (iii) to provide customer support (e.g., to allow a prospective Merchant to complete an online account application, to allow a Merchant to view and manage records, accounts and funds, or to help enhance our products and services); (iv) for security purposes and to combat fraud (e.g., to protect against unauthorized access to Chase Paymentech systems, or Merchant accounts and information), (v) to generate broad statistical and demographic information, and (vi) to comply with certain laws, regulations, and card association rules and regulations. In addition, when you link to Chase Paymentech's website from the website of any third-party advertiser, we may receive information about you from such third-party, including your contact information and information stored in "cookies" on such third-party's website. Please check the privacy policy of these websites concerning what information may be collected by the third-party and shared with Chase Paymentech. Such information is used by us only for the purposes set forth above with respect to information collected directly from you at our own website.    
1 	   Your Inquiries.  When you complete and submit a form on our website, send us an e-mail, send us a fax, or contact us by telephone to solicit information about our services or the company in general, Chase Paymentech may store the inquiries and their contents. Information you submit via an inquiry is collected only with your knowledge and active participation, and may be used by Chase Paymentech to respond to your inquiries, to contact you, to inform you of services of Chase Paymentech or its partners that may be of use to you, and for similar business purposes. Information collected during the course of an inquiry will not be sold or otherwise disclosed to any third party; provided that such information may be shared internally with our affiliated entities for the business purposes set forth above.    
1 	   Opening an Account or Using Chase Paymentech Services.  When you submit an application to obtain a Merchant account and become a Merchant, you will be required to provide us with certain information about your business, and its owners and officers, which may also act as guarantors of the Merchant's obligations. Chase Paymentech may also obtain and store information about the Merchant, and its officers, owners and guarantors, from consumer reporting agencies, credit bureaus, relevant financial institutions, and other entities. Chase Paymentech may use, retain and disclose this information to (i) comply with any applicable federal legislation requiring Chase Paymentech to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each entity with which it establishes a Merchant relationship, and (ii) evaluate your eligibility for a Merchant account, which may involve disclosure to consumer reporting agencies, commercial credit bureaus, and relevant financial institutions. Chase Paymentech may also use your information to contact you about other Chase Paymentech offerings and services. If you are, or become a Merchant, Chase Paymentech may disclose your information during the course of providing such services to card associations, banks and other financial institutions that are involved in the course of processing or screening the transaction, and to third parties that have contracted with Chase Paymentech to perform certain functions of our services on our behalf. In addition, Chase Paymentech may use, or disclose your information to third parties for the additional purposes of facilitating and completing merchant-initiated or authorized transactions, complying with federal, state and local laws, including credit reporting laws and card association rules, assisting in preventing fraud, or informing you about general company news, product updates and developments, card association rules, and industry trends, offering you products and services that may be of interest to you, or as otherwise may be permitted or required by applicable law.    
1 	   Customers of Our Merchants.  A customer who purchases a product or service from a Merchant using a credit or debit card, or any other method of payment for which we provide the Merchant with transaction processing services, is required to provide that Merchant with certain Cardholder Data in order to make the purchase, including the customer's name and credit card number. Our Merchants may transmit certain parts of this information to Chase Paymentech for the purpose of processing the transaction. During the course of providing processing services to our Merchants, we may disclose such Cardholder Data to banks, processors, credit and debit card organizations and associations, and other financial institutions that are involved in the course of effecting the transaction represented by the Cardholder Data. In addition, we may disclose some or all of the information we collect, to our affiliated companies or to non-affiliated third parties (subject to contractual confidentiality provisions to protect such information) such as a vendor or service company that we hire to prepare our Merchants' account statements or to provide support or services for one or more of our products. We will not disclose Cardholder Data to any third party, except to facilitate and complete transactions submitted to us by Merchants, or otherwise in the course of providing services to our Merchants, or to comply with federal, state and local laws or the rules and regulations of the respective card organizations or other payment entities (e.g. Visa, MasterCard, American Express, NACHA, etc.).    
0 	In addition, Chase Paymentech may share certain Customer Data (but not Cardholder Data) with its affiliated entities for marketing purposes and other business purposes.  
0 	 Protection of Cardholder Data and Customer Data    Chase Paymentech has implemented various measures, including appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards, designed to ensure the security and confidentiality of Cardholder Data and Customer Data, protect against anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information, and protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information. Such measures may include, among others, encryption, physical access security and other appropriate technologies. Chase Paymentech continually reviews and enhances its security systems, as necessary. Chase Paymentech is subject to the detailed rules and regulations of the various credit and debit card organizations and networks (i.e. VISA, MasterCard, American Express, NYCE, Star, etc.), relating to the security and safeguarding of Cardholder Data, including, but not limited to, the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards ("PCI"), VISA Inc.'s Cardholder Information Security Program ("CISP") and MasterCard International's Site Data Protection Program ("SDP"). Chase Paymentech endeavors to comply with all such rules at all times. Pursuant to such rules and regulations, Chase Paymentech is required to undergo periodic third-party assessments and periodic network scans to ensure that, among other things, Chase Paymentech has installed and maintains a firewall configuration to protect data; does not use vendor-supplied defaults for system passwords and other security parameters; protects stored data; encrypts transmission of Cardholder Data and sensitive information across public networks; uses and regularly updates anti-virus software; develops and maintains secure systems and applications; restricts access to data to those with a business need-to-know; tracks and monitors all access to network resources and Cardholder Data; regularly tests security systems and processes; assigns a unique ID to each person with computer access; restricts physical access to Cardholder Data; and maintains a policy that addresses information security. Additional information regarding the requirements of VISA's CISP and Mastercard's Site Data Protection program (SDP) can be found on the VISA, Inc. and MasterCard International Web sites.  
0 	 Responsibility of Merchants    Merchants are also required to comply with various rules and regulations of the various credit and debit card organizations and networks relating to the security and safeguarding Cardholder Data, including, but not limited to, PCI, CISP and SDP. Merchants may be required to undergo periodic third-party data security assessments and periodic network scans to ensure that appropriate security measures are in place.  
1 	 Additional Internet Privacy Policies    Cookies: By using this site you agree to the placement of cookies on your computer in accordance with the terms of this policy. If you do not wish to accept cookies from this site please either disable cookies or refrain from using this site.  
0 	   What are Cookies?  A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer's hard disk so that the website can recognize you when you revisit and remember certain information about you. This can include which pages you have visited, choices you have made from menus, any specific information you have entered into forms and the time and date of your visit.  
0 	   Types of cookies:  There are two main types of cookies:    Session cookies:  these are temporary cookies that expire at the end of a browser session; that is, when you leave the site. Session cookies allow the website to recognize you as you navigate between pages during a single browser session and allow you to use the website most efficiently. For example, session cookies enable a website to remember that a user has placed items in an online shopping basket.    Persistent cookies:  in contrast to session cookies, persistent cookies are stored on your equipment between browsing sessions until expiry or deletion. They therefore enable the website to "recognize" you on your return remember your preferences and tailor services to you.   In addition to session cookies and persistent cookies, there may be other cookies which are set by the website which you have chosen to visit, such as this website, in order to provide us or third parties with information.  
1 	  Our use of Cookies: We currently use, and may use in the future, the following types of cookies on this website.   We use session cookies to:      Help us maintain security and verify your details whilst you use the website as you navigate from page to page, which enables you to avoid having to re-enter your details each time you enter a new page.     
1 	  We use persistent cookies to:    Help us maintain security and verify your details whilst you use the website as you navigate from page to page, which enables you to avoid having to re-enter your details each time you enter a new page.   Remember how you have customized your use of this site, such as your preferred currency and time zone   Collect and compile anonymous, aggregated information for statistical and evaluation purposes to help us understand how users use the website and help us improve the structure of our website.   Access your information when you "sign in", so that we can provide you with customized content in online areas such as Chase Paymentech Online.   Display the most appropriate banners to Chase Paymentech and third party offerings based on your activity while on Chase Paymentech's site.   Conduct research to improve Chase Paymentech content and services.   Require you to re-enter your Chase Paymentech password after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accidentally accessing your account contents or otherwise accessing your account contents without authorization.    
1 	Many cookies are designed to give you optimal usage of the web. For example, we use cookies to enable you to improve your user experience when using our website, e.g. a cookie which recognizes if your browser supports specific technology features. This helps, for example, in enabling web pages to be loaded more quickly when you request the download of a large file. In addition to cookies which send information to us, we also use cookies which collect information and send it to third parties. An example of this is Google Analytics. Please check the relevant third party website for more information about their use of cookies. Where this site allows such cookies to be set or you access other websites from this site using the links provided, the operators of these websites will use cookies in accordance with their own cookies policy, which may differ from ours.As with first party cookies, you are able to block third party cookies through your browser settings. Some of our cookies may collect and store your personal information, such as your name or email address. We are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy and will ensure that all personal information collected by us is kept and treated in accordance with this privacy policy.   
0 	   Refusing Cookies on this Site.  Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. However, you have the ability to disable cookies if you wish, generally through changing your internet software browsing settings. It may also be possible to configure your browser settings to enable acceptance of specific cookies or to notify you each time a new cookie is about to be stored on your computer enabling you to decide whether to accept or reject the cookie. To manage your use of cookies there are various resources available to you, for example the "Help" section on your browser may assist you. You can also disable or delete the stored data used by technology similar to cookies, such as Local Shared Objects or Flash cookies, by managing your browser's "add-on settings" or visiting the website of its manufacturer. As our cookies allow you to access some of our website's essential features we recommend that you leave cookies enabled, otherwise, if cookies are disabled, it may mean that you experience reduced functionality or will be prevented from using this site altogether.    
0 	 Third-Party Web Sites.  Chase Paymentech may create links to third-party Web sites. In addition, Chase Paymentech may authorize third-parties to create links to Chase Paymentech websites. Chase Paymentech is not responsible for the content or privacy practices employed by third-party Web sites. Nor does Chase Paymentech control or warrant the utility, merchantability or workmanship of the products or services offered at third-party Web sites.  
1 	 Web Optimization.  Chase Paymentech also may use cookies to track advertising leads and campaigns from banner advertisements, third party advertisement services and third party web optimization services. Chase Paymentech may hire third party companies to track and report performance of advertising and marketing campaigns to and from Chase Paymentech and third party web sites. These companies may also set cookies and use related technology, such as tracking pixels. Tracking pixels (also known as action tags, web beacons, or transparent GIF files) and other similar tracking technologies may be used to collect and store information about user visits, such as the user's anonymous cookie ID, page visits and duration, and the specific ad or link(s) that the user clicked on to visit the site. No personally identifiable information is stored on these cookies or web pixels. This user activity information is reported to us in the aggregate and is anonymous. We use this information in the aggregate to understand, for example, the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing.  
0 	 Children.  Chase Paymentech does not solicit or knowingly accept information from persons under the age of eighteen (18). Our web sites are not designed with the intent to attract or encourage viewing by children.  
0 	 Safe Harbor Participation for EU Cardholder Data.  Chase Paymentech recognizes that the European Union ("EU") has an "omnibus" data protection regime established pursuant to the European Commission Data Protection Directive (95/46/EC) (the "Directive"). The Directive generally restricts the transfer of personally identifiable information about individuals in the EU to the United States, unless there is "adequate protection" for such information when it is received in the United States. In addition to processing transactions for its own Merchants based in the United States, Chase Paymentech provides processing services in the U.S. for its European affiliate, Chase Paymentech Europe Limited, and its European customers. To address the restrictions in the Directive, Paymentech, LLC in the United States ("CPL") adheres to the EU Safe Harbor Privacy Principles published by the US Department of Commerce ("Safe Harbor") with respect to Cardholder Data about Merchants' customers in the European Union that we receive in the United States ("EU Cardholder Data"). We act as a data processor on behalf of Merchants with respect to EU Cardholder Data, and accordingly follow each Merchants' instructions with regard to the collection, processing and protection of EU Cardholder Data. Our Merchants act as the data controller for any EU Cardholder Data. If any consumers in the EU have any questions about our handling of their EU Cardholder Data, such consumers should first contact the Merchant as this may be the most efficient means of addressing such issues. Consumers in the EU may also reach out to the CPL Safe Harbor Privacy Contact in the Legal Department at Chase Paymentech Solutions, 14221 Dallas Parkway, Dallas, Texas, 75254. Questions that are not otherwise resolved with the Merchant and/or CPL may also be directed to local EU data protection authorities.  
0 	Paymentech, LLC, complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. Paymentech, LLC, has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Paymentech, LLC's certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.  
0 	 Modifications to Privacy Statement    We continue to review our policies and procedures to assure that they are effective in meeting our commitments to our Merchants. Chase Paymentech reserves the right to change this Privacy Statement without notice at any time and from time to time, including as needed to comply with the rules and regulations of the various debit and credit card organizations, or to comply with applicable local, state and federal laws and regulations.  
0 	 Inquiries    If you have a question or comment regarding this Privacy Statement, please contact:    Chase Paymentech Solutions    Chief Compliance Officer  14221 Dallas Parkway  Dallas, Texas 75254    Chase Paymentech Solutions    Safe Harbor Privacy Contact  Legal Department  14221 Dallas Parkway  Dallas, Texas 75254  
0 	(Last modified January, 2015)
0 	 PRIVACY POLICY    This is the Privacy Policy which applies to you if you live outside the European Union, Switzerland, Norway, Lichtenstein, Iceland, Australia, New Zealand, and Canada.  
0 	Thank you for visiting Fortune, or using our mobile device applications (the "Apps") or other services (together with the Apps, the "Services"), Services within the network of Time Inc. and its subsidiaries, each of which have adopted this Privacy Policy. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by Time Inc. and its subsidiaries. Click here for a list of the sites of Time Inc. and its subsidiaries which are governed by this Privacy Notice.  
1 	 The Information We Collect    Through Time Inc. publications, websites, and other media, you can order publications and products; engage in various activities like entering contests or sweepstakes, playing games, taking quizzes, voting in polls or otherwise expressing an opinion; subscribe to one of our services, such as newsletters; or participate in one of our online forums or communities. Your personally identifiable information may be required to engage in these activities as well as to receive products and services that you may have requested. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages and elsewhere include but are not limited to: name, address, gender, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number and credit or debit card information.  
1 	We may also collect information about your personal or professional interests and use of or opinions about various products, programs and services. For instance, we may ask you to identify your job or industry to qualify you for free business magazines.  
1 	At some Time Inc. sites and through certain promotions, you can submit information about other people. For example, you might submit a person's name, mailing and/or e-mail address to send a gift or electronic greeting card. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include: recipient's name, address, e-mail address and telephone number.  
1 	We may also collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit our web pages or use our applications, such as the type of browser and operating system you are using, your IP address, your device identifiers, your Internet or wireless service provider, and location-based information.  
1 	 How We Use the Information    We may use the information you provide about yourself or others to fulfill requests for our publications, products or services, to respond to inquiries about offerings and to offer other products, programs or services that may be of interest.  
0 	We may combine information we receive with outside records and share such information with third parties for use on our behalf to enhance our ability to market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you.  
0 	We may disclose personally identifiable information that we receive from you and from third party sources to third parties whose practices are not covered by this privacy statement (e.g., other marketers, magazine publishers, retailers, participatory databases, and non-profit organizations) that want to market products or services to you.  
0 	When you request a magazine, service, or other product, we will forward the information you give us to the publisher or provider to the extent necessary to fulfill your request. They may contact you with special offers of possible interest.  
1 	We sometimes use this information to communicate with you, such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or sweepstakes, when we make changes to subscriber agreements, to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter, or to contact you about your account.  
1 	If you choose to submit content (e.g., a "letter to our editors" or an online review), we may publish your name, screen name and other information you have provided to us. You hereby consent to this.  
1 	The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience. We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and, from time to time, to offer you products, programs, or services.  
1 	We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our publications and websites, and to enable us to customize your Internet experience. We also may use this information to analyze site usage, as well as to offer you products, programs, or services.  
0 	We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request.  
0 	Agents and contractors of Time Inc. that have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Time Inc.  
0 	We may transfer your personally identifiable information to other Time Inc. offices for internal management and administrative purposes on our behalf. Your personal data will be transferred to other Time Inc. offices where necessary for the performance or conclusion of our contractual obligations to you or for your benefit. To the extent not prohibited under applicable law, transfers and disclosures of personally identifiable information may also be made where necessary for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims, to protect the rights and property of Time Inc., our agents, customers, and others, including to enforce our agreements, policies, and terms of use; or to protect the personal safety of any person.  
0 	Please note that if Time Inc. or any of its subsidiaries or lines of business is merged, acquired, divested, financed, sold, disposed of or dissolved, including through merger of, consolidation, sale or divestiture of assets, the relevant customer database, including personally identifiable information we may possess about you, may, in whole or in part, be sold, disposed of, transferred, divested, or otherwise disclosed as part of that transaction or proceeding.  
0 	Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. Inadvertent disclosures may result, for example, when third parties misrepresent their identities in asking the site for access to personally identifiable information about themselves for purposes of correcting possible factual errors in the data.  
0 	 Privacy Options    If you prefer not to receive traditional mail or other off-line promotions from this or any other Time Inc. property, or if you want to opt-out of any sharing of your personally identifiable offline information with third parties not owned by Time Inc., please click here.  
0 	If you prefer not to receive e-mail marketing from this or any other Time Inc. property, or if you want to opt-out of any sharing of your email address with third parties not owned by Time Inc., please click here.  
0 	Time Inc. sites will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses.  
0 	 Your California Privacy Rights: Notice to California Customers    California's "Shine the Light" law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. Alternately, such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing. (Note: Time Inc. sites do not recognize the "do not track signals" that some browsers may employ.) As discussed above, if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes offline please click here, or for email please click here. To find out more about your opt-out rights, please contact us as described in the "How to Contact Us" section below.  
0 	 Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors    Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Time Inc. also allows you to connect with other sites and services in order to share content and information. You should consult the other sites' and services' privacy notices, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties or their use of your information.  
1 	Time Inc. sites sometimes may offer contests, sweepstakes, promotions, editorial features, or other activities or offerings that are sponsored or co-sponsored by or presented with identified third parties. By virtue of your participation in such activities or offerings, your IP address and the personally identifiable information that you voluntarily submit may be provided to both the Time Inc. site and the third parties. Time Inc. has no control over the third parties' use of this information.  
0 	Time Inc. sites may use reputable third parties to present or serve advertisements, including online behavioral advertisements, that you may see on the web pages and to conduct research about the advertisements. This privacy notice does not cover any use of information that such third parties may have collected from you (e.g., type of browser, operating system, domain name, day and time of visit, page(s) visited) or the methods used by the third-parties to collect that information (e.g., cookies, web beacons and clear gifs).  
0 	For more information on advertisements and your behavioral advertising options, visit our About Ads page and our Network Advertising Initiatives page.  
1 	 Cookies    To enhance your experience on our Services, we may place "cookies" on your computer or device. Cookies are small text files that we place in your computer or device to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personal information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering with one of our Services. Once you choose to provide us with personal information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. A cookie assigns a unique numerical identifier to your Web browser or device, and may enable us to recognize you as the same user who has used our Services, and relate your use of the Services to other information about you, such as your usage information and personal information.  
1 	We use cookies (and Local Shared Objects, HTML5, cache cookies, web beacons, or clear gifs, all described further below) to understand usage of the Services and to improve our content and offerings and to deliver advertisements that you might be interested in. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience on our Services (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to our site, to save your password in password-protected areas, to enable shopping carts, or to tailor content or product and service offerings).  
0 	Most browsers automatically accept cookies. You can set your browser option so that you will not receive cookies and you can also delete existing cookies from your browser. However, you may find that some parts of the site will not function properly if you have refused cookies or similar tracking technologies and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar tracking technologies might prevent you from accessing some of our content. However, your viewing of editorial content may be hampered. If you wish to block cookies, go to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ to find out how, or check your browser.s instructions.  
0 	Local Shared Objects: Local shared objects, such as .Flash cookies,. also may be stored on your computer or device. Local shared objects operate a lot like cookies, but cannot be managed in the same way. Depending on how local shared objects are enabled on your computer or device, you may be able to manage them using software settings. For information on managing Flash cookies, for example, see http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html.  
1 	HTML 5: HTML5, the language some Web sites are coded in, may be used to store information on your computer or device about your Service usage activities. This information may be retrieved by us to help us manage our Services, such as by giving us information about how our Services are being used by our visitors, how they can be improved, and to customize them for our users.  
1 	Cache Cookies: Cache cookies, such as eTags, may be used to identify your computer or device as the same computer or device that visited a Service or Services in the past.  
1 	Web Beacons: Our websites may also use small pieces of code called "web beacons" or "clear gifs" to collect anonymous and aggregate advertising metrics, such as counting page views, promotion views, or advertising responses. A web beacon is an electronic image called a single-pixel or clear GIF. Web beacons can recognize certain types of information, such as a user's cookie number, time and date of a page view, and description of the page where the web beacon is placed. These web beacons may be used to deliver cookies that conform to our cookie policy above.  
1 	These tracking technologies may be deployed by us and/or by our service providers or partners on our behalf. These technologies enable us to assign a unique number to you, and relate your Service usage information to other information about you, including your personal information. We may match information collected from you through different means or at different times, including both personal information and Service usage information, and use such information along with offline and online information obtained from other sources (including third parties) such as demographic information and updated contact information (where that information has been lawfully disclosed to us) for the purposes of learning more about you so we can provide you with relevant content.  
0 	 Our Commitment to Security    We have put in place appropriate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect. No system can be completely secure, however, and we do not guarantee that unauthorized disclosures and access will not happen.  
0 	 Accessing, Correcting, and Deleting Your Personal Information    We will take reasonable steps to accurately record the personal information that you provide to us and any subsequent updates.  
0 	We encourage you to review, update, and correct the personal information that we maintain about you, and you may request that we delete personal information about you that is inaccurate, incomplete, or irrelevant for legitimate purposes, or are being processed in a way which infringes any applicable legal requirements, by contacting us as set out in the "How to Contact Us" section below. At our election, instead of deleting such information, we may retain it with your comment or correction noted in our records. By contacting us, you may also object to our further use of your personal information if you have compelling legitimate grounds (this may involve closing your account). We may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details before we are able to provide you with any information, correct any inaccuracies, or delete any information. Your right to review, update, correct, and delete your personal information may be limited, subject to the law or your jurisdiction: (i) if your requests are abusive or unreasonably excessive, (ii) where the rights or safety of another person or persons would be encroached upon, or (iii) if the information or material you request relates to existing or anticipated legal proceedings between you and us, or providing access to you would prejudice negotiations between us or an investigation of possible unlawful activity. Your right to review, update, correct and delete your information is subject to our records retention policies and applicable law, including any statutory retention requirements.  
0 	 Retention of Personal Information    We will retain your personal information while you have an account with us and thereafter for as long as we need it for purposes not prohibited by applicable laws. Thereafter, we will either delete your personal information or de-identify it so that it is anonymous and not attributed to your identity. Your rights to request that we delete your personal information are set forth in the"Accessing, Correcting, and Deleting Your Personal Information" section above.  
0 	 Special Note for Parents    The site you are visiting is one of the Time Inc. general audience sites and is not intended for use by children. For more information about our online privacy practices for children's sites, consult the privacy notice at the children's site in which you are interested.  
0 	 Changes to this Privacy Policy    This Privacy Policy may be changed by Time Inc. The revised Privacy Policy will be posted to this page so that you are aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it.  
0 	 How to Contact Us    If you have any questions or concerns about the Time Inc. Privacy Notice or its implementation please contact us via email by clicking here or by writing to:   Attention: Consumer Affairs   3000 University Center Drive   Tampa, Florida 33612-6408   http://www.fortune.com/  
0 	This Privacy Policy was revised Jan. 2, 2014.
0 	Privacy Policy  
0 	 Important Update    In September 2012, we announced that Instagram had been acquired by Facebook. We knew that by teaming up with Facebook, we could build a better Instagram for you. Since then, we've been collaborating with Facebook's team on ways to do just that. As part of our new collaboration, we've learned that by being able to share insights and information with each other, we can build better experiences for our users.  
0 	We're updating our Privacy Policy to highlight this new collaboration, but we want to make sure you understand that you still have control over who sees your photos. You still get to choose who can see your Instagram photos, and you still get to choose whether you post your photos on Facebook. So while we're looking forward to working closely with Facebook to build better experiences, we aren't changing the core features of the app that you've come to know and love.  
0 	Our new Privacy Policy is effective on January 19, 2013. To learn about how we treat information collected prior to January 19, 2013, please click here.  
0 	 Privacy Policy    Effective date: January 19, 2013  
0 	Welcome to Instagram ("Instagram," "we," "us" or "our"). Instagram provides a fast, beautiful and fun way for you to share media through our content-sharing platform. Just snap a photo, choose a filter to transform the look and feel, add comments (if you like) and share!   Our Privacy Policy explains how we and some of the companies we work with collect, use, share and protect information in relation to our mobile services, web site, and any software provided on or in connection with Instagram services (collectively, the "Service"), and your choices about the collection and use of your information.  By using our Service you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to post content, including photos, comments and other materials ("User Content"), to the Service and to share User Content publicly. This means that other Users may search for, see, use, or share any of your User Content that you make publicly available through the Service, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use (which can be found at http://instagram.com/about/legal/terms/).  Our Policy applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service ("Users"). 
0 	Click on the links below to jump to each section of this Policy:   Information We Collect  How We Use Your Information  Sharing of Your Information  How We Store Your Information  Your Choices About Your Information  Children's Privacy  Other Websites and Services  How to Contact Us About a Deceased User  How to Contact Us  Changes to Our Privacy Policy 
0 	 1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT    We collect the following types of information.  
1 	Information you provide us directly:   Your username, password and e-mail address when you register for an Instagram account.  Profile information that you provide for your user profile (e.g., first and last name, picture, phone number). This information allows us to help you or others be "found" on Instagram.  User Content (e.g., photos, comments, and other materials) that you post to the Service.  Communications between you and Instagram. For example, we may send you Service-related emails (e.g., account verification, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). Note that you may not opt out of Service-related e-mails. 
1 	Finding your friends on Instagram:   If you choose, you can use our "Find friends" feature to locate other people with Instagram accounts either through (i) your contacts list, (ii) third-party social media sites or (iii) through a search of names and usernames on Instagram.  If you choose to find your friends through (i) your device's contacts list, then Instagram will access your contacts list to determine whether or not someone associated with your contact is using Instagram.  If you choose to find your friends through a (ii) third-party social media site, then you will be prompted to set up a link to the third-party service and you understand that any information that such service may provide to us will be governed by this Privacy Policy.  If you choose to find your friends (iii) through a search of names or usernames on Instagram then simply type a name to search and we will perform a search on our Service. 
0 	 Note about "Invite Friends" feature:  If you choose to invite someone to the Service through our "Invite friends" feature, you may select a person directly from the contacts list on your device and send a text or email from your personal account. You understand and agree that you are responsible for any charges that apply to communications sent from your device, and because this invitation is coming directly from your personal account, Instagram does not have access to or control this communication.  
1 	Analytics information:   We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other Users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual User. 
1 	Cookies and similar technologies:   When you visit the Service, we may use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, web beacons, and local storage to collect information about how you use Instagram and provide features to you.  We may ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to your devices, which may use cookies or similar technologies placed by us or the third party.  More information is available in our About Cookies section 
1 	Log file information:   Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you make a request to access (i.e., visit) a web page or app. It can also be provided when the content of the webpage or app is downloaded to your browser or device.  When you use our Service, our servers automatically record certain log file information, including your web request, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. We may also collect similar information from emails sent to our Users which then help us track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service. 
1 	Device identifiers:   When you use a mobile device like a tablet or phone to access our Service, we may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more "device identifiers." Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device's operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by Instagram.  A device identifier may deliver information to us or to a third party partner about how you browse and use the Service and may help us or others provide reports or personalized content and ads. Some features of the Service may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled. 
0 	Metadata:   Metadata is usually technical data that is associated with User Content. For example, Metadata can describe how, when and by whom a piece of User Content was collected and how that content is formatted.  Users can add or may have Metadata added to their User Content including a hashtag (e.g., to mark keywords when you post a photo), geotag (e.g., to mark your location to a photo), comments or other data. This makes your User Content more searchable by others and more interactive. If you geotag your photo or tag your photo using other's APIs then, your latitude and longitude will be stored with the photo and searchable (e.g., through a location or map feature) if your photo is made public by you in accordance with your privacy settings. 
1 	 2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION    In addition to some of the specific uses of information we describe in this Privacy Policy, we may use information that we receive to:   help you efficiently access your information after you sign in  remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service;  provide personalized content and information to you and others, which could include online ads or other forms of marketing  provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our Service  develop and test new products and features  monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns  diagnose or fix technology problems  automatically update the Instagram application on your device Instagram or other Users may run contests, special offers or other events or activities ("Events") on the Service. If you do not want to participate in an Event, do not use the particular Metadata (i.e. hashtag or geotag) associated with that Event. 
0 	 3. SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION    We will not rent or sell your information to third parties outside Instagram (or the group of companies of which Instagram is a part) without your consent, except as noted in this Policy.  
0 	Parties with whom we may share your information:  
0 	We may share User Content and your information (including but not limited to, information from cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data, and usage data) with businesses that are legally part of the same group of companies that Instagram is part of, or that become part of that group ("Affiliates"). Affiliates may use this information to help provide, understand, and improve the Service (including by providing analytics) and Affiliates' own services (including by providing you with better and more relevant experiences). But these Affiliates will honor the choices you make about who can see your photos. 
0 	We also may share your information as well as information from tools like cookies, log files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that help us provide the Service to you ("Service Providers"). Our Service Providers will be given access to your information as is reasonably necessary to provide the Service under reasonable confidentiality terms. 
0 	We may also share certain information such as cookie data with third-party advertising partners. This information would allow third-party ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. 
0 	We may remove parts of data that can identify you and share anonymized data with other parties. We may also combine your information with other information in a way that it is no longer associated with you and share that aggregated information. 
0 	Parties with whom you may choose to share your User Content:   Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service, such as User Content, becomes available to the public, as controlled by any applicable privacy settings that you set. To change your privacy settings on the Service, please change your profile setting. Once you have shared User Content or made it public, that User Content may be re-shared by others.  Subject to your profile and privacy settings, any User Content that you make public is searchable by other Users and subject to use under our Instagram API. The use of the Instagram API is subject to the API Terms of Use which incorporates the terms of this Privacy Policy.  If you remove information that you posted to the Service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service, or if other Users or third parties using the Instagram API have copied or saved that information. 
0 	What happens in the event of a change of control:   If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of Instagram or our assets to another organization (e.g., in the course of a transaction like a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation), your information such as name and email address, User Content and any other information collected through the Service may be among the items sold or transferred. You will continue to own your User Content. The buyer or transferee will have to honor the commitments we have made in this Privacy Policy. 
0 	Responding to legal requests and preventing harm:   We may access, preserve and share your information in response to a legal request (like a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards. We may also access, preserve and share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity; to protect ourselves, you and others, including as part of investigations; and to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. Information we receive about you may be accessed, processed and retained for an extended period of time when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or investigations concerning possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm. 
0 	 4. HOW WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION    Storage and Processing:  
0 	Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Instagram, its Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities. 
0 	Instagram, its Affiliates, or Service Providers may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction. 
0 	By registering for and using the Service you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or to any other country in which Instagram, its Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy. 
0 	We use commercially reasonable safeguards to help keep the information collected through the Service secure and take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. However, Instagram cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to Instagram or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed. 
0 	Please do your part to help us. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to emails between you and Instagram, at all times. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes the social media services you connect to Instagram make to their services. We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy, or security measures of any other organization. 
0 	 5. YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION    Your account information and profile/privacy settings:   Update your account at any time by logging in and changing your profile settings.  Unsubscribe from email communications from us by clicking on the "unsubscribe link" provided in such communications. As noted above, you may not opt out of Service-related communications (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices).  Learn more about reviewing or modifying your account information. 
0 	How long we keep your User Content:   Following termination or deactivation of your account, Instagram, its Affiliates, or its Service Providers may retain information (including your profile information) and User Content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, and/or audit purposes.  Learn more about deleting your account. 
0 	 6. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY    Instagram does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Service. The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us.  
0 	 7. OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES    We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from our Service, including the information or content contained within them. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Service to another website or service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our website, are subject to that third party's own rules and policies. In addition, you agree that we are not responsible and do not have control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party website or service and you allow them to access your User Content you do so at your own risk.  
0 	 8. HOW TO CONTACT US ABOUT A DECEASED USER    In the event of the death of an Instagram User, please contact us. We will usually conduct our communication via email; should we require any other information, we will contact you at the email address you have provided in your request.  
0 	 9. HOW TO CONTACT US    If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service, please find the appropriate support channel in the Instagram Help Center at which to contact us.  
0 	 10. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY    Instagram may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of Instagram or the Service after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification.
0 	 THE HILL'S PRIVACY POLICY    This Privacy Policy is applicable to The Hill's Web site, thehill.com (the "Site"), and all Hill web sites. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect information from you and other users of the Site and how we use such information.  
1 	 The Information We Collect and Use    Non-personally identifiable information   We may collect and use non-personally identifiable information and data from you when you are visiting the Site through the standard operation of our Internet servers. Non-personally identifiable information collected from you may include user Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser types, domain names, and anonymous statistical data regarding your use of the Site. For example, we can tell which Internet Service Provider our visitors use, but not the names, addresses or other information about our visitors that would allow us to identify particular visitors to the Site.  
1 	The Site also collects information through the use of "cookies." Cookies are small text files that a website can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user's ongoing access to and use of a website, allow the site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising. Cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. If you do not want information collected from you through our use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, you should note that cookies may be necessary to provide you with certain features available on the Site.  
1 	Personally Identifiable Information   We collect personally identifiable information about you when you specifically and knowingly provide such information voluntarily on the Site, including, but not limited to, during the following interactions: (1) when you register on the Site and when you later log-on with your user name and password; (2) when you sign-up to subscribe to a service, a newsletter, or ask to be added to our mailing lists for other products or services; (3) when you place an order for products or services; (4) when you participate in a promotional offer; (5) when you provide feedback in an online survey; (6) when you submit other content and suggestions.  
1 	In each of the instances above, we typically ask for some or all of the following information: your full name, e-mail address, phone number, physical mailing address, the type of business you are in, product preference information, any applicable identification number or password that we may require, as well as other similar information that is needed to register or subscribe you to services or offers. On occasion, we may ask for additional information to enable us to provide you with access to and use of certain other information, materials and services.  
1 	The personally identifiable information you provide to us when using the Site may be used to provide products and services to you, to enhance your experience at the Site, and, if applicable, to enhance your experience as a subscriber to The Hill's products and services.  
1 	We may from time to time use your personally identifiable information to notify you of special offers and products and services from The Hill and/or from third parties that we think may be of interest to you. It is possible that we may rent, sell or otherwise transfer to third parties personally identifiable information about you. This might include third parties such as service providers that analyze data, process transactions; advertisers; sponsors or other third parties that participate in or administer our promotions, sweepstakes, surveys or provide marketing or promotional assistance or similar such services. At any time, you can contact The Hill to request that we not share your personally identifiable information with third parties, as set forth in greater detail below.  
0 	We may employ independent contractors, vendors and suppliers (collectively, "Outside Contractors") to provide specific services and products related to The Hill and the Site, such as providing credit card processing and fraud screening, order fulfillment and shipment, mailing of The Hill publications and other materials, hosting and maintaining the Site, and developing applications for the Site. These Outside Contractors may sometimes have limited access to information collected from you, including your personally identifiable information, in the course of providing products or services to us. Access to your personally identifiable information by these contractors is limited to the information reasonably necessary in order for these Outside Contractors to perform their limited function for us. We also require that these contractors (i) protect the privacy of your personally identifiable information consistent with this Privacy Policy, and (ii) not use or disclose your personally identifiable information for any purpose other than providing us with products or services for which we contracted.  
1 	The Hill may merge your information collected on the Site with similar data obtained from third parties. We may use this enhanced personally identifiable information to notify you of special offers, updated information and new products and services from The Hill.  
0 	Other unique circumstances may arise where we are required to disclose your personal information to third parties, such as in connection with a corporate transaction where all or a portion of our business or assets (including our associated customer lists containing your personal information) are sold or transferred, or if disclosure is required by law or pursuant to judicial or governmental investigations or proceedings.  
0 	You should be aware that if you voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information in an e-mail or other communications with third parties listed on the Sites or in other materials, that information, along with any other information disclosed in your communication, can be collected and correlated and used by such third parties and may result in your receiving unsolicited messages from other persons. Such collection, correlation, use and messages are beyond our control.  
0 	 Our Commitment to Data Security    The Hill takes every effort to protect against unauthorized access to your personal information, and has put in place commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect on the Site.  
0 	Notwithstanding the above commitment to protect your information from loss, misuse or alteration by third parties, you should be aware that there is always some risk involved in transmitting information over the Internet. Additionally, there also is some risk our security systems could be circumvented or breached. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security and privacy of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.  
0 	 Opt-out    You may at any time opt-out of receiving promotional communications from The Hill or third parties at any time by contacting our Information Privacy Manager at the address below. Please note that if you decide to opt-out of receiving promotional information or other communications after you have previously opted-in, your change in preference will only affect future contacts; if the information already has been provided to third parties, they may continue to use it.  
0 	Even if you do not opt-in to receive promotional information or you have opted-in and then later choose to opt-out, we reserve the right to contact you as necessary in our sole discretion regarding The Hill, any request you have made for services or products from The Hill, changes to this Privacy Policy and any other matters that may be relevant to the information we collect.  
0 	 Correcting Information    You are responsible for providing accurate information when making purchases, registering with any portions of the Site that require registration, or performing other functions that might require you to submit personally identifiable information to the Site. If you wish to correct any personally identifiable information you have provided to us in this manner, you may do so by contacting our Information Privacy Manager at the address below.  
0 	 How To Contact Us    If you would like to contact The Hill for any reason regarding our privacy practices, please write or e-mail us at the following address:   Mailing Address:   The Hill   Information Privacy Manager   1625 K St. NW Suite 900   Washington, DC 20006   e-mail: help@thehill.com  
0 	 Changes To The Privacy Policy    This Privacy Policy is effective as of February 26th, 2014. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by notifying users. We may notify you by posting a notice on the Site or by contacting you through electronic mail or other means. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy means you accept those changes.  
0 	What If You Do Not Agree To The Terms Of This Privacy Policy?   As a subscriber to the Site, or otherwise by using the Site, you signify that you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not make any use of the Site.
0 	Yahoo Privacy Center  
0 	Welcome to the Yahoo Privacy Center -- take a look around. You'll learn how Yahoo treats your personal information, along with ways to control your preferences and settings. As always, Yahoo is committed to gaining your trust.  
0 	 WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS     Yahoo takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.    The federal government and technology industry have developed practical tips to help you guard against Internet fraud, secure your computer and protect your personal information.  
1 	 How Yahoo Uses Your Personal Information    This policy covers how Yahoo treats personal information that Yahoo collects and receives, including information related to your past use of Yahoo products and services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.  
0 	 This privacy policy only applies to Yahoo    This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control, or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage. In addition, some companies that Yahoo has acquired have their own, preexisting privacy policies which may be viewed on our acquired companies page.  
0 	 Yahoo's participation in the Safe Harbor program    Yahoo participates in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union. To view our certification, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor Web site. For more information about Yahoo's participation in the Safe Harbor program, please visit our Safe Harbor details page.  
1 	 INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE     General    Yahoo collects personal information when you register with Yahoo, when you use Yahoo products or services, when you visit Yahoo pages or the pages of certain Yahoo partners, and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes. Yahoo may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies.  
1 	When you register we ask for information such as your name, email address, birth date, gender, ZIP code, occupation, industry, and personal interests. For some financial products and services we might also ask for your address, Social Security number, and information about your assets. When you register with Yahoo and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.  
1 	Yahoo collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners, including information about your use of financial products and services that we offer.  
1 	Yahoo automatically receives and records information from your computer and browser, including your IP address, Yahoo cookie information, software and hardware attributes, and the page you request.  
1 	Yahoo uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.  
0 	 CHILDREN    With parental permission, a child under age 13 might have a Yahoo Family Account. Visit Children's Privacy Family Accounts to learn more about childrens privacy on Yahoo.  
0 	 INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE    Yahoo does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:  
0 	We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help Yahoo communicate with you about offers from Yahoo and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information. 
0 	We have a parent's permission to share the information if the user is a child under age 13. See Children's Privacy 
0 	We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process (such as law enforcement requests), or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. 
0 	We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Yahoo's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law. 
0 	We transfer information about you if Yahoo is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, Yahoo will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. 
0 	Yahoo displays targeted advertisements based on personal information. Advertisers (including ad serving companies) may assume that people who interact with, view, or click targeted ads meet the targeting criteria"for example, women ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area.   Yahoo does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad. However, by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad.  Yahoo advertisers include financial service providers (such as banks, insurance agents, stock brokers and mortgage lenders) and non-financial companies (such as stores, airlines, and software companies). 
0 	Yahoo works with vendors, partners, advertisers, and other service providers in different industries and categories of business. For more information regarding providers of products or services that you've requested please read our detailed reference links.  
1 	 COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES    Yahoo may set and access Yahoo cookies on your computer. We may also set and access device identifiers which could include IP address, user agent information (browser version, OS type and version), and device provided identifiers. Once you log into Yahoo on your device, Yahoo may recognize your device to provide you with a personalized experience, independent of your device settings. You can control your personalized experience across Yahoo through our Ad Interest Manager. Learn more.  
0 	Yahoo lets other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages set and access their cookies on your computer. Other companies' use of their cookies and device identifiers is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Yahoo's cookies.  
1 	Yahoo uses web beacons to access Yahoo cookies inside and outside our network of web sites and in connection with Yahoo products and services.  
0 	 Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences    You can edit your Yahoo Account Information, including your marketing preferences, at any time. You can also modify information you have provided to Yahoo through the Yahoo products or services you may use.  
0 	New categories of marketing communications might be added to the Marketing Preferences page from time to time. Users who visit this page can opt out of receiving future marketing communications from these new categories or they can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages they receive.  
0 	We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Yahoo service, such as service announcements, administrative messages and the Yahoo Newsletter, that are considered part of your Yahoo account, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.  
0 	You can delete your Yahoo account by visiting our Account Deletion page. Please click here to read about information that might possibly remain in our archived records after your account has been deleted.  
0 	 CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY    We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.  
0 	We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.  
0 	To learn more about security, including the security steps we have taken and security steps you can take, please read Security at Yahoo.  
0 	 CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY    Yahoo may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Yahoo account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.  
0 	 QUESTION AND SUGGESTIONS    If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please complete a feedback form or you can contact us at:   Yahoo! Inc.   Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues   701 First Avenue   Sunnyvale, CA 94089   (408) 349-5070  
0 	If you feel that your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please click here for information on consumer agencies that may be able to provide you with additional assistance.  
0 	Last Updated: September 25, 2014
0 	Privacy Policy  
0 	 Miami New Times, LLC    This Privacy Policy is effective as of February 15, 2012.  
0 	This Privacy Policy describes the practices that Miami New Times, LLC ("Miami New Times") follows with respect to the collection, maintenance and use of information submitted on miaminewtimes.com (the "Site"). This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect from this Site, and does not apply to any other website or business activity of Miami New Times. By using our Site, and/or providing information to us, you consent to the collection, maintenance and use of this information by us.  
0 	If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site and exit immediately. We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to these terms means that you accept those changes. We will give you notice of the revised Privacy Policy by posting the revised policy on the Site and by revising the "effective date" set forth above.  
0 	 Information We Collect    We collect and maintain personally identifiable information and automatic information.  
0 	 Personally Identifiable Information    "Personally identifiable information" is information that tells us who you are, such as your name, screen name, email address, postal address, phone number, credit card information, birth date/year and gender.  
1 	Miami New Times collects and maintains personally identifiable information about you only when you provide it to us. For example, we may collect and maintain personally identifiable information about you when you register for or participate in contests, sweepstakes, promotions, polls, surveys, newsletters and text messages (including contests, sweepstakes, promotions, polls, surveys, newsletters and text messages of certain third parties). We may also collect and maintain personally identifiable information when you post an ad, submit comments to the Site or letters to the editor, submit events for inclusion on our Site, purchase event tickets from us, or otherwise provide it to us when you contact us.  
0 	If you do not provide information to us, you may be unable to use certain features of the Site. For example, you cannot post comments in connection with certain articles or register for the Site, contests, surveys or newsletters unless you provide certain information. Also, you will not be able to submit events for inclusion on our Site or purchase event tickets if you do not provide certain information.  
1 	 Automatic Information and Cookies    "Automatic information" is information automatically collected whenever you visit our site. For example, automatic information includes information collected by our web server (which may be hosted by a third party) that your web browser makes available whenever you visit our Site, such as your browser type and capabilities, network properties, the site that you visited before viewing our Site, content viewed on the Site, and your geographic location. We currently use, or may use, such information in various ways:  
1 	Aggregated data: We maintain automatic information in aggregated form, not associated with your IP address or personally identifiable information.  
1 	IP address tracking: All computers and servers on the Internet use IP addresses to recognize and communicate with each other. We collect and maintain IP addresses to administer and analyze our Site and report aggregate information (such as how many visitors we have and how many visitors see and click on particular advertisements).  
0 	We may associate your IP address with your personally identifiable information and may maintain, use and disclose such information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy below.  
1 	Cookies: This Site uses "cookies." "Cookies" are small text files that allow websites to store and retrieve information about you from your computer system. Miami New Times does serve cookies to track individual site usage for later aggregation and for other purposes explained in this policy. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, but you may not be able to take full advantage of our Site's features if you do.  
1 	We do not and cannot use cookies or IP address tracking to retrieve personally identifiable information from your computer.  
1 	Online Behavioral Advertising. Miami New Times may tailor advertisements on the Site to a user's apparent interests, based on user browsing activity. That is, ads may be displayed for you on the Site based on the pages and content that you view. This is sometimes known as first-party online behavioral advertising. Also, your viewing activity on the Site may be shared with advertising networks, so that they can display ads for you, which they believe will interest you, on other sites, not affiliated with Miami New Times. This is sometimes known as third-party online behavioral advertising. Miami New Times attempts to deal with advertising networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance, but at times ad networks that are not NAI or DAA participants may have access to your activity on the Site, and hence may use that information in connection with displaying ads to you on other sites.  
0 	Advertising networks that are members of Network Advertising Initiative or that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance have subscribed to certain principles relating to collection and use of information, and may permit users to direct whether or how information about their viewing activities are used for advertising purposes. To register your preferences or choices, or to opt out of behavioral advertising offered by participants in these programs, visit http://www.networkadvertising.org or http://www.aboutads.info.  
0 	If you change browsers or computers, or delete the cookies on your computer, you may need to re-enter your preferences or opt-out.  
1 	Web Beacons: The Site uses web beacons, which provide website operators and third parties a means to deliver a graphic image on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of gathering data. The Site uses web beacons to gather automatic information such as the duration of a visit to the Site, the web pages viewed, a user's geographical information (e.g., city, state, zip code), IP address, and type of web browser.  
1 	 Use and Disclosure of Information    We maintain and use personally identifiable information for the purpose or purposes for which it is provided and for purposes specified in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may maintain and use personally identifiable information to send newsletters and text messages that you have opted to receive; to establish your online account and recognize you when you return to the Site; to contact you regarding contests, promotions, polls, and surveys; to complete the sale of event tickets; to provide customer support; or to otherwise communicate with you regarding our Site, an ad you posted, an event you submitted to the Site, or your comments or letters to the editor.  
1 	We may also maintain and use your personally identifiable information to attribute your comments, letters to the editor and/or other submissions to the Site to you. As has traditionally been the case with our print editions, we may require that you supply certain information to us (such as your real name, daytime telephone number and/or e-mail address) in connection with comments and other submissions to the Site. That is because we may need to contact you, and because your identity may be important to understand your point of view. If you send us comments or other submissions, we reserve the right to publish them in print or display them on this Site in full or in edited form. We normally honor requests to withhold your name and address when provided in connection with comments and other submissions, both in print and on-line, but we reserve the right to use, discuss and report facts that we consider newsworthy relating to submissions even if it might reveal or tend to reveal the poster's identity.  
0 	We may combine personally identifiable information and automatic information we obtain from you or your activities with other data concerning or relating to the behavioral and demographic attributes of our customers, in order to identify our best customers, reach them effectively, understand their interests and best manage our relationships with them.  
1 	We may also use personally identifiable information to send you advertisements, promotions and information about the Site, Miami New Times and our partners.  
0 	We may disclose personally identifiable information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may have breached our Terms of Use or who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other users of our Site, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. We may also disclose personally identifiable information when we reasonably believe that the law requires it.  
0 	If you chose to provide your personally identifiable information for the purposes of a third-party contest, promotion, poll, survey or newsletter, your personally identifiable information will be given to Miami New Times and to the third-party advertiser/sponsor involved with the relevant contest, promotion, poll, survey or newsletter and/or its agents and affiliates. For rules or requirements for contests, promotions, polls, surveys and/or newsletters, please see the applicable page on our Site.  
0 	We occasionally have third party agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and joint ventures that perform functions on our behalf, such as credit card processing, shipping or stocking orders, providing customer service, data combination, etc. They are provided access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions.  
0 	In the event of a sale of Miami New Times or a sale of substantially all Miami New Times assets, personally identifiable information may be one of the business assets transferred or sold.  
1 	We may maintain and use automatic information to track how our visitors use the Site, study traffic patterns, and run and maintain the site, and we and other third parties may provide targeted advertisements to you based on such data.  
0 	We may share aggregated data with our advertisers and other marketing and business partners.  
0 	This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information you choose to make public.  
0 	 Opt-Out    You may terminate any ongoing communications you receive from Miami New Times via e-mail (such as newsletters, subscriptions, contest results, survey inquiries, etc.) by (1) clicking the "unsubscribe" link that is available within the communication received, or (2) through your online profile.  
0 	 Children    Some of the material on this Site is for mature audiences, and parents and guardians should take responsibility for monitoring their children's use of the Site. Children under the age of 13 should not use this Site. We do not intentionally collect personally identifiable information from users of the Site who are under the age of thirteen.  
0 	 Links to Other Sites    This Site provides links to websites maintained by other organizations. Miami New Times provides these links as a convenience to users, but it does not operate, control or endorse such sites. Miami New Times also disclaims any responsibility for the information on those sites and any products or services offered on such sites. Please review the privacy policies of these sites. Miami New Times is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties, and does not make any warranties or representations that any linked sites (or even this Site) will function without error or interruption, that defects will be corrected, or that the sites and their servers are free of viruses and other problems that can harm your computer. Miami New Times disclaims any responsibility for transactions conducted on those sites and cannot vouch for the security of the information submitted in those transactions.  
0 	 E-Commerce and Our Secure Server    We use reasonable efforts to protect your personally identifiable information from unauthorized use or disclosure. Unfortunately, information transmitted on the Internet and/or stored on systems attached to the Internet are not 100% secure. Updates and Changes to Your Information.  
0 	If your personally identifiable information changes, you may correct and/or update it by sending us an email. You may also view, correct and/or update your personally identifiable information by accessing your profile on the Site.  
0 	 More Questions-    If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please e-mail them to privacyadministrator@voicemediagroup.com, and be sure to indicate the specific site you are visiting and the nature of your question or concern.
0 	 VI.Privacy Policy     The Type of Information the Service Collects:    The following Privacy Policy summarizes the various ways we treat personally identifiable and other information about you and your computer, mobile or other device when you access, visit and/or use the Service. This Privacy Policy does not cover information collected elsewhere, including without limitation offline and on sites, applications, destinations, or services linked to from the Service.  
1 	The Service generally collects personally identifiable information with your specific knowledge and consent. For instance, when you enter a sweepstakes or contest, complete a survey, make a purchase, subscribe to our publication(s), register for certain services, or register and/or set up an account/profile to access, visit and/or use certain portions of the Service, or the Service as a whole, you may be provided, or required to choose, a password and/or User ID, and you may provide a credit, debit, or charge card number, or other payment information, as well as your name, telephone number(s), email and/or street address, and other personally identifiable information. Other information such as your age, gender, an avatar, and the number for your mobile or other device may also be requested. In addition, you may be asked to send us similar information via messaging (e.g., email, SMS, MMS, or other technologies). All such information shall be referred to in this Privacy Policy as your Registration Information.  
1 	Our servers may also automatically collect information about you, your online behavior and your computer, mobile or other device. The information collected may include, without limitation, the make, model, settings, specifications (e.g., CPU speed, connection speed, browser type, operating system, device identifier) and geographic location of you and/or your computer, mobile or other device, as well as date/time stamp, IP address, pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed, the site(s), application(s), destination(s), and/or service(s) you arrived from, and other clickstream data.  
1 	If you choose to access, visit and/or use any third party social networking service(s) that may be integrated with the Service, we may receive personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer, mobile or other device that you have made available to those services, including information about your contacts on those services. For example, some social networking services allow you to push content from our Service to your contacts or to pull information about your contacts so you can connect with them on or through our Service. Some social networking services also will facilitate your registration for our Service or enhance or personalize your experience on our Service. Your decision to use a social networking service in connection with our Service is voluntary. However, you should make sure you are comfortable with the information your third party social networking services may make available to our Service by visiting those services' privacy policies and/or modifying your privacy settings directly with those services. We reserve the right to use, transfer, assign, sell, share, and provide access to all personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer, mobile or other device that we receive through third-party social networking services in the same ways described in this Agreement as all of your other information.  
1 	 How the Service Uses and Shares Information About You:    We use personally identifiable information you supply through the Service to provide you with the merchandise, product, service, and/or Content you have requested. For example, if you subscribe to any of our publications, we may use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you the publication. Similarly, if you enter an online sweepstakes, we will use this information to notify you if you are a winner. We may also use the information to communicate with you about new features, products or services, and/or to improve the services that we offer by tailoring them to your needs.  
0 	Unless otherwise specified on the Service, we may sell or share information about you and your computer, mobile or other device, including without limitation your Registration Information and other personally identifiable information, with our parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates and with carefully selected companies who we think may offer services and/or products that may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to have your personally identifiable information shared with third parties, contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described at the end of this document. If you do not wish to receive future commercial messages from us, simply follow the unsubscribe instructions contained within the message you receive. (But note that you may continue to receive certain communications from us, such as transactional or relationship messages, and/or messages about your account/profile). If you've registered on any part of the Service, please use the mechanism or contact information on the Service that allows you to change or update your member preferences or information, if available, to keep all such data accurate and up-to-date. If no such mechanism or contact information is available on the Service, contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below with your changes.  
0 	We may also allow access to our database by third parties that provide us with services, such as technical maintenance, market research, community and forums management, auction services, and shopping, personal/job search and other classified ads functionality, but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide those services. And if you choose to purchase merchandise, products and/or services, including without limitation Content, on or through features on the Service, we may forward your information to third parties for services such as credit card or other payment processing, order fulfillment, credit pre-authorization, and address verification. There are also times when you provide information about yourself to us in areas of the Service that may be managed or participated in by third parties. In such cases, the information may be used by us and by such third party(ies), each pursuant to its own policies. We may also provide your information to our advertisers, so that they can serve ads to you that meet your needs or match your interests. While we may seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorize them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it is provided, we do not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties.  
1 	We reserve the right to access, use, and share with others your personally identifiable information for purposes of health, safety and other matters in the public interest.  
0 	We may also provide access to our database in order to cooperate with official investigations or legal proceedings initiated by governmental and/or law enforcement officials, as well as private parties, including, for example, in response to subpoenas, search warrants, court orders, or other legal process.  
1 	In addition, we reserve the right to use the information we collect about your computer, mobile or other device (including its geographic location), which may at times be able to identify you, for any lawful business purpose, including without limitation to help diagnose problems with our servers, to gather broad demographic information, analyze trends, track users' movements around the Service, and to otherwise administer the Service. Geographic location information about you and/or your computer, mobile or other device may specifically be used to show you content and sponsored messaging based on geographic location.  
1 	We reserve the right to use, transfer, sell, and share aggregated, anonymous data about our users as a group for any lawful business purpose, such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers, sponsors, clients and customers.  
0 	In addition, as our business changes, we may buy or sell various assets. In the event all or a portion of the assets owned or controlled by us, our parent or any subsidiary or affiliated entity are sold, assigned, transferred or acquired by another company, the information from and/or about our Service users may be among the transferred assets.  
1 	We reserve the right to identify you from your Registration Information and/or to merge or co-mingle anonymous or non-personally identifiable data about you, your offline and online behavior, and/or your computer, mobile or other device (including its geographic location), with your Registration Information and/or other personally identifiable data for any lawful business purpose.  
1 	 Local Device Storage and other Tracking Technologies; Do Not Track (DNT):    The Service will at times place and/or store code or other types of information and/or devices (e.g., "cookies") on your computer, mobile or other device ("Local Device Storage"). We may use Local Device Storage for any lawful business purpose, including without limitation to determine which of our messages have been opened by recipients so we can gauge the effectiveness of marketing campaigns, to control the display of ads, to track usage patterns, the movements of individual users, and your geographic location, to help diagnose problems with our servers, to gather broad demographic information, to analyze trends, to conduct research, to deliver editorial content, to record registration and personalization information, and to otherwise administer the Service. For example, if you register on any part of the Service and are given the option to save your user name and password, we may provide this convenience to you via Local Device Storage. Local Device Storage may also collect and store your personally identifiable information, which may be shared with our parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates and other companies.  
0 	If you do not want Local Device Storage, your computer, mobile or other device may include an option that allows you to not accept it. However, if you disable Local Device Storage, some portions of the Service may not function properly.  
1 	In addition to Local Device Storage, we may use web beacons, web bugs, clear gifs, and similar technologies (collectively, together with Local Device Storage, the "Tracking Technologies"). We use Tracking Technologies for all or some of the same lawful business purposes we describe above for use of Local Device Storage.  
0 	As discussed below, you may opt out of third party tracking on the Service at any time. However, we do not currently support any browser based Do Not Track (DNT) settings or participate in any DNT frameworks, and we do not assign any meaning to any potential DNT track signals you may send or alter any of our data collection or use practices in response to such signals.  
0 	 How to Opt-Out of Third Party Tracking Technologies:    Our advertising service vendors and other third parties will at times also use Tracking Technologies to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this Service and other sites, applications, destinations, and services you have visited, and to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements, and for other lawful business purposes. In doing so, these third parties will collect non-personally identifiable data including for example the make, model, settings, specifications (e.g., CPU speed, connection speed, browser type, operating system, device identifier) and geographic location of your computer, mobile or other device, as well as date/time stamp, IP address, pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed, the site(s), application(s), destination(s), and/or service(s) you arrived from, and other clickstream data. The use of Tracking Technologies by third parties is subject to their own privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy, and we have no responsibility or liability in connection therewith. If you do not want the services that Tracking Technologies provide, you may be able to opt-out by visiting http://www.aboutads.info.  
0 	 Transfer of Information:    Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on, servers and databases located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as your jurisdiction. Please be advised that we may transfer your information to and from any state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction, and process it in the United States or elsewhere. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to any such transfer.  
0 	 Information Security and Notification:    Because no data transmission is completely secure, and no system of physical or electronic security is impenetrable, we cannot guarantee the security of the information you send to us or the security of our servers, networks or databases, and by using the Service you agree to assume all risk in connection with the information sent to us or collected by us when you access, visit and/or use the Service, including without limitation your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information, and we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof.  
0 	Moreover, if you elect to store information, such as your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information, where others may access it, we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof. If you lose a computer, mobile or other device, or it is stolen, that contains your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information, it is up to you to take all the steps necessary to protect yourself.  
0 	In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you. If notification is appropriate, we may notify you via your computer, mobile or other device.  
0 	 Kids and Parents:    This Service is not intended for use by children, especially those under age 13. No one under age 13 is allowed to register for the Service or provide any personally identifiable information or use our social, community and public discussion areas, photo and video galleries, bulletin boards, forums, chats, blogs, personal/job search and other classified ads, and elsewhere. Minors between the ages of 13 and 17, inclusive, must get the permission of their parent(s) or legal guardian(s) before making purchases, including subscriptions, on this Service.  
0 	If your children disclose information about themselves in publicly accessible areas of the Service, they may get unsolicited messages from other parties. Accordingly, you should tell them not to do so.  
0 	If you're worried about your children's activities or their privacy on the Service, we encourage you to contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below.  
0 	 Notice to California Customers - Your California Privacy Rights:    Californias "Shine the Light" law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the business' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties direct marketing purposes. Alternately, such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing. We have such a policy in place. As discussed above in Section 2(B), if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties direct marketing purposes or to find out more about your opt-out rights, please contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below.  
0 	 Privacy Policy Coordinator, Opt-Out Requests and Other Privacy Questions:    If you have any concerns or questions about any aspect of this policy, please feel free to contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as follows:   Privacy Policy Coordinator   Cond Nast   1313 Market Street   Wilmington, DE 19801   Privacy_administration@condenast.com  
0 	As discussed above in Section 2(B) and 8, you may opt-out of having your personally identifiable information shared with third parties for their marketing purposes. If you wish to exercise this right, please contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator and state that you want to opt-out of our sharing with third parties.  
0 	Also as discussed above in Section 2(B), if you wish to request updates or changes to your information or your preferences regarding receiving future promotional messages from us, you may contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator.  
0 	Addtionally, you may click here to be removed from our promotional mailing lists. If you opt-out of promotional mailings from Conde Nast, you may continue to receive certain communications from us, such as transactional or relationship messages, and/or messages about your account/profile.  
0 	If you don't agree to the terms contained in this User Agreement and Privacy Policy, you must immediately exit the Service.  
0 	Last updated on October 1, 2013  
0 	Rockstar Games, Inc.,a United States company, its parent and its subsidiaries (collectively the "Company"), respects the privacy rights of our users and is committed to protecting the information collected through its products, services, and websites accessed through any internet-capable hardware platform including gaming consoles, personal computers, mobile computers, or smart phones, or in-game applications or any software platform including third-party hosts (collectively the "Online Services"). We have adopted this privacy policy to explain how we collect, store, disclose, transfer, protect, and otherwise use the information collected in connection with our Online Services (the "Privacy Policy").  
0 	PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY REGISTERING FOR OR USING OUR ONLINE SERVICES, YOU AGREE THAT (i) WE MAY TRANSFER, PROCESS, AND STORE YOUR ACCOUNT INFORMATION IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND OTHER COUNTRIES THAT MAY HAVE DIFFERENT PRIVACY PROTECTIONS THAN YOUR COUNTRY; (ii) WE MAY PROCESS YOUR DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY; (iii) YOU ARE BOUND BY OUR PRIVACY POLICY; AND (iv) YOU WILL ABIDE BY OUR TERMS CONDITIONS, CODE OF CONDUCT, AND ANY OTHER POLICIES THAT MAY APPLY. THIS PRIVACY POLICY SUPPLEMENTS THE PRIVACY DISCLOSURES PROVIDED TO YOU WITH YOUR SOFTWARE PRODUCT AND/OR BY YOUR CONSOLE MANUFACTURER.  
0 	In connection with specific websites, the Company has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's program requirements including transparency, accountability, and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices, please contact us at privacypolicy@take2games.com. If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe at www.truste.com/watchdog equest. THE TRUSTe PROGRAM COVERS SPECIFIC WEBSITES; IT DOES NOT COVER INFORMATION THAT MAY BE COLLECTED THROUGH SOFTWARE.  
0 	This Privacy Policy will explain:     Who this Privacy Policy applies to     What this Privacy Policy applies to     What personal and other information may be collected     What gameplay information we may collect     Special Notes Regarding Certain Information, Including Public Information, Resumes, Investor Relations, Email Correspondence, and Member Names/Gaming Console IDs     The consequences, if any, resulting from your refusal to provide personal information     How we use cookies, track IP Addresses, or use other passive means to collect information     Who, if anyone, is collecting your personal information and how it will be used     With whom, if anyone, your personal information will be shared     What choices you have with regard to the use of your personal information     Links to other parties     Whether personal information is collected from Children under 13     How we protect your information     Your California Privacy Rights.     Where information is stored     What other Company terms apply     What other third-party terms apply     How to ask questions or file a complaint  
0 	WHO THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES TO   This Privacy Policy applies to all Online Services users and, except as noted, all Online Services are being offered in the United States by the Company. For Online Services offered by Rockstar Games used by residents of the European Union, the company Take-Two Interactive Software Europe Limited, ICO Registration No. Z1336431, is the data controller responsible for your personal information.  
0 	WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES TO   This Privacy Policy applies to the Company's Online Services, including the TRUSTe certified Company websites, mobile applications, and other services that link to it or display it. In addition, the Company may also own several other domain names that relate to its labels, feature its products, or point to its websites, and we may from time to time add new sites and services. To view a complete list of these TRUSTe certified Company sites, please click on the TRUSTe seal on this page.  
0 	The Company complies with the U.S. - E.U. Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland. The Company has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view our certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.  
1 	Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to information submitted and collected online through the Online Services, and does not apply to information that may be collected by the Company offline. In addition, this Privacy Policy does not apply to websites or services maintained by other companies or organizations (such as those who promote the Company's products and services or sell related items) and the Company cannot and does not guarantee the security of any personal information disclosed to those third parties. In addition, please note that we may hire vendors (agents or contractors) to collect personal information on our behalf and in such cases such vendors will be instructed to comply with this Privacy Policy. These vendors may not use your personal information for their own marketing purposes.  
0 	We use the third-party service provider DR globalTech Inc. as our online official re-seller and for certain in-game sales functions. Other third-party service providers may be connected to other in-game sales functions; please review the Terms Conditions of each product for more details. As indicated at the point of purchase, such transactions are between you and the third-party service provider and they are subject to the third-party service providers privacy policy and terms of service.  
0 	We also use third parties for various services related to the Online Services, including customer support, technical support, contest data collection, and email fulfillment. When you enter a contest or sign up to receive a newsletter, we may share your personal information as necessary for third parties to provide services on our behalf. These third parties are not permitted to use such information for their own marketing purposes.  
0 	We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of these changes. If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page. If necessary we will give you additional choices regarding such change in these notices. Your continued use of the Online Services will signify your acceptance of these changes.  
1 	You may choose to voluntarily provide us with various personal information and non-personal information through your use of the Online Services. We also may use "cookies" and other passive technologies including clear gifs to collect certain non-personal information from you in connection with your use of the Online Services, such as the pages you visit and the features you use. Our cookies are linked to personal information.  
0 	WHAT PERSONAL AND OTHER INFORMATION DOES THE COMPANY COLLECT?  
1 	Personal information is information that identifies you and that may be used to contact you online or offline. The Company collects personal information from you on a voluntary basis. When you submit personal information to the Company, it will usually take the form of:   Registration for Online Services, websites, jobs, products, contests, and special events;     Subscribing to newsletters or alerts;     Posting in or commenting on our message boards, forums, news blogs, chat rooms, or other Online Services;     Purchasing a product or services through our online stores;     Purchasing DLC, virtual items, or virtual currency for use with our software and/or Online Services;     Using "tell a friend," "email this page," or other E-Card features;     Requesting technical support;     Downloading demos, programs, or other software;     Participating in polls, surveys, and questionnaires; or     Otherwise through use of our software, including console products, mobile products, and personal computer products, and through the use of our online products or Online Services where personal information is required for use and/or participation.  
1 	The types of information collected in connection with the activities listed above will vary depending on the activity. The information we collect may include personal information such as your first and/or last name, e-mail address, phone number, photo, mailing address, or payment information. In addition, we may collect demographic and non-personal information about you or your systems, such as your age, gender, date of birth, zip code, hardware configuration, console ID, software products played, survey data, purchases, IP address and the systems you have played on. If such information is collected for an activity that also requires personal information, we may combine the information with your personal information. Prize winners may be required to provide additional information for prize fulfillment.  
1 	If you use, purchase, or register for an Online Service through a third-party service such as a gaming console's network service, an internet based gaming service, or a social network website, or request that we associate a Company account with a third-party service account, then limited user account personal information may be transferred to the Company as part of the registration process and we may be able to collect information about your use of the Online Services. For example, if you purchase virtual currency through a gaming console service, that gaming console service will provide us with information to effectuate the transaction, including the amount of virtual currency purchased and a means to identify your Online Service account.  
1 	When you use an application on a Social Networking Site ("SNS"), you allow us to access certain information from your profile from that SNS. The information you allow us to access is affected by the privacy settings you establish at the SNS. For example, our Facebook applications may access and store some or all of the following information, as allowed by you, the SNS and your preferences: your "basic information" you have shared with everyone on the SNS; your profile picture or its URL; your friends list, your user ID number, which is linked to publicly available information such as name and profile photo; or other information indicated as part of the "Request for Permission" prompt from the SNS. Your agreement to share this information takes place when you "accept" (or similar terms) one of our applications on an SNS. Once your information is received from an SNS, that information is stored and used by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The Company is not responsible for the terms, policies, disclosures or actions of any SNS.  
1 	When you use Facebook Connect, OpenID or another multisite ID to log in to an Online Service, those ID services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us to pre-populate our sign up form. Depending on your account settings, multisite IDs may also provide other information to us. Please check the terms of those services before using them to log into an Online Service. When you play certain software products published by the Company, information about your gameplay may be collected and transmitted to the Company through network services or any other internet connection method used by the hardware on which you play such games (collectively and individually your "Internet Connection"). See "What Gameplay Information Does the Company Collect?" below for further details.  
1 	WHAT GAMEPLAY INFORMATION DOES THE COMPANY COLLECT?   When you use products or services on internet-capable hardware, the Company may receive information regarding your gameplay without any additional notice to you or actions taken by you. The Company will not receive personal information such as your name and address, but may receive other information such as a console ID, gaming service ID, game achievements, game scores and performance, IP address, MAC address, or other device ID, other console/device use information, or other information and statistics regarding your usage of the games. Information about gameplay may be collected while you are offline and transmitted to the Company when you next connect to the Internet whether or not you are currently logged into your Internet Connection from your console, handheld, mobile device, computer, or other gaming platform. The Company may use such information as set forth in this Privacy Policy whether or not you register for or use the Online Services.  
1 	SPECIAL NOTES ABOUT CERTAIN INFORMATION   Member Names IDs/Gaming Consoles/Social Network Services/Other Third-Party Services: Certain Online Services offered by the Company, including multiplayer gaming and specialized websites, use third-party services to (i) provide authentication for Online Services; or (ii) associate a Company service account with a third-party account such as a Gaming Console ID, Gaming Network Service account, or Social Network Service account. When you use a third-party authentication service or link your Company account with a third-party account, you will be asked to provide account information associated with that third-party account. Certain membership information may be transferred automatically to the Company when you register to join an Online Service from a third-party gaming network system or link your Online Service membership with a third-party service, such as your friends list on that gaming network or social network service.
0 	Public Information Including Message Boards, User Generated Content, Forums, News Blogs, Comments, User Profiles and Chat Rooms: Whenever you give out personal information in public areas such as on a message board, chat room, comment field, or profile page, that information can be collected and used by other people. Information that you disclose in any of these forums is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality there. You should be aware that any personal information you submit in the course of these public activities can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages or identify you. If you post a video, image, photo, or other content through an Online Service for public view, you should be aware that these may be viewed, collected, copied, and/or used by other users without your consent. If your screen name or an ID contains your real name, then that name will be made publicly available on leaderboards and elsewhere. Therefore, you are strongly encouraged not to disclose personal information while using our services or use personal information to identify yourself while using our services. We are not responsible for any public information or content you post using our Online Services.
1 	E-mail Correspondence: We may provide e-mail addresses or forms to which visitors can send us questions or comments, or which visitors can use to request customer support. In the process of receiving and responding to such requests, we may collect personal information about you, such as your e-mail address or any other personal data contained in the body of your e-mail message. By allowing you to send us these requests, we are not attempting to solicit personal information from you. We only use the information for the purpose of responding to your questions and/or comments or to provide customer support. In most cases, your message is deleted immediately after we've resolved your inquiry; however, in some instances, copies of your requests may be kept on file for our records, for quality control purposes, or to provide ongoing support services you have requested. If we have actual knowledge that the person with whom we're communicating is a child under the age of thirteen, we delete the child's e-mail address and message immediately after responding.  
0 	In addition to responding to your email correspondence and sending you information you have requested via our email lists, we send activation emails and other transactional emails to your e-mail address as necessary. You may not opt out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account.  
0 	Resumes: The Company allows for the online submission of resumes. Personal information collected from resumes will be used solely for the purpose of accepting and evaluating candidate submissions for job postings, and is therefore not governed by this Privacy Policy. Information obtained from resumes may be shared within the Company by parents, subsidiaries, or affiliates.
0 	Investor Relations: The Company provides investor relations materials on its websites. Personal information collected on the investor relations' portion of the Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. website is used solely in a business capacity and is not governed by this Privacy Policy.  
0 	WHAT HAPPENS IF I REFUSE TO PROVIDE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?   Your refusal to submit personal information may limit your ability to participate in some activities, such as sweepstakes or the use of certain Online Services. However, as described above, regardless of registration we may nonetheless publish gameplay boards and multiplayer match records that contain certain information as a result of your use of the products, such as your player ID.  
1 	DO YOUR ONLINE SERVICES USE COOKIES, TRACK IP ADDRESSES, OR USE OTHER PASSIVE MEANS TO COLLECT INFORMATION?   The Company uses cookies, web beacons, and similar tracking devices for certain Online Services to collect information that is not personal. If you choose to provide us with personal information, it may be linked to the non-personal information stored by these technologies.  
1 	Cookies: A "cookie" is a small bit of record-keeping information that websites often store on a user's computer. Our cookies do not include people's names, e-mail addresses, or other personal information; they are typically used to quickly identify a user's computer, browser, or device and to "remember" things about prior visits (such as the user's use of various features on the service). You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer; however, disabling cookies may affect your ability to use certain Online Services.
1 	Flash Cookies: We may also use flash cookies, also known as "shared objects," on our sites that employ Flash technology. Flash cookies are small files similar to browser cookies and are used to remember the site's settings to personalize the look and feel of the site. Flash cookies only collect data in the aggregate. Like normal cookies, Flash cookies are represented as small software files, do not include people's names, e-mail addresses, or other personal information, and are not tied to your personal information. You can clear flash cookies already on your device by setting the Flash local storage setting to zero. You may also prevent Flash cookies from being placed by adjusting your preferences in the Macromedia Website Privacy Settings Panel at www.macromedia.com.
1 	Web Beacons: A "web beacon" is an electronic image that allows websites to count users who have visited certain pages or viewed certain advertisements. Web beacons, like cookies, do not include personal information.
1 	Internet Log Files: The Company may also keep track of IP addresses used to access its Online Services for various reasons. An IP address is a number that is used by a networked device and will identify your point of connection to the internet. Depending on your network configuration, it may also identify your computer, or other device. A MAC address or other device ID identifies one specific piece of hardware. These log files are tied to your personal information in certain circumstances, such as if you have linked your console user account to Online Service accounts offered by the Company.
1 	Analytic Metrics Tools and Other Technologies: Other information that may be passively collected by the Company includes log files that record information about your hardware, product use, service use, or website use, including website navigation and game telemetry activity. We also use these log file entries for our internal marketing, service design, technical support, and demographic studies, so we can constantly improve the Online Services we provide you.
0 	Advertising Service Providers: Some of our Online Services are supported by advertising provided by the Company or various third-party advertising agents, such as ad networks, data exchanges, traffic management service providers and marketing analytics service providers (Advertising Service Providers). Such Online Services may place and use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect information about your device and your use of Online Services. The information such Advertising Service Providers may collect, or we may share with them, includes your devices type, IP address, MAC address or other device ID, browser type, language, operating system and generalized geographic location; the types of pages, content and ads you, or others who are using your device, visited or viewed and the frequency of your visit/viewing; and information regarding your use of or activities in connection with a website or Online Service (e.g., time spent using a mobile application or your purchases). This information may be collected or shared when you use an Online Service, click on a webpage or an advertisement, or launch one of our game or other mobile applications that you have installed, and may be used: (1) to ensure that an Advertising Service Provider is accurately and properly paid for an advertisement it placed on our behalf (e.g., an ad that led you to purchase or download one of our games or other mobile applications); (2) to help prevent you from seeing the same ads over and over again; (3) to help select and display targeted ads or other content on your computer or other device (such as on a website you are viewing or a mobile application you are using) that may be of particular interest to you; (4) to measure and analyze advertising effectiveness and/or traffic in our Online Services and determine the popularity of certain content; and (5) to monitor and analyze the usage of our Online Services, so that we can continually enhance and improve them.
0 	Third-party Advertisers: The Company works with various third-party advertising agents that use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect information. Please click on the links below to learn more about these vendors, their privacy policies, and the ability to opt out of their tracking programs. Please note that the inclusion of a vendor in the list below does not mean that the Company is currently using their services or that it is currently conducting any campaigns that use such technologies. We do not have access to or control of the third-party tracking technologies, and we encourage you to review their privacy policies before disclosing information to such parties.  
0 	Additional information about individual opt-out programs is available on the World Privacy Forum website at http://www.worldprivacyforum.org. In addition to visiting the websites of each of the vendors listed above, you may opt out of certain targeted advertising by multiple third-party advertising networks at one time if they belong to the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance. Visit the Network Advertising Initiative's website at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp to select the applicable networks.  
1 	WHO IS COLLECTING MY INFORMATION AND HOW WILL IT BE USED?   When you submit information to the Company via our Online Services, or information is collected as described in this Privacy Policy, that information is received by the Company. The Company uses this information to send you promotional materials, to provide you with access to our services, to fulfill product orders, to fulfill "tell a friend" requests, and to respond to questions or technical problems. We also use your personal and other information for our internal marketing and demographic studies, so we can constantly improve the products and services we provide you and to better meet your needs.  
0 	Your participation in tournaments or other online game events is conditional upon our collection, use, storage, transmission and public display of statistical data (such as your scores, rankings, and achievements) generated through your participation.  
0 	Users of certain Online Services, such as the Rockstar Games Social Club, may be automatically entered into contests as a result of their membership and/or use of certain services. Check www.rockstargames.com/socialclub/events frequently for details regarding contests.  
0 	Online gaming and Social Networking Services are by their very nature open communities where gameplay information including user name, game activity, and leaderboard rankings are publicly posted for other people to see. Therefore, the Company will automatically post certain information, such as your Screen Name or ID and gameplay statistics, within the game, on Social Networking Services, on Online Services, or on specialized game websites. However, we will not post information that we know directly and clearly identifies you (such as your real name or email address) unless you provide that information voluntarily for such use. As with other gameplay information services, your gameplay, leaderboards, and multiplayer match information may appear nested in our games or third-party webpages via frames or widgets.  
0 	We may match and/or combine information collected in connection with various Online Services and display it publicly, including on our websites, in our games, or in multiplayer game lobbies. For example, if you associate your Company website account with a game console account, your in-game achievements may be displayed combining your website account name with your in-game achievements.  
1 	Some of our Online Services allow you to link your account to SNS services like Facebook and Twitter. Certain membership information may be transferred automatically to the Company when you link your Online Service membership with SNS account, such as your friends list. Some SNS services also give you the option to post information about the Online Services to their websites to share with others. If you choose to use these features, your actions are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the feature. Please review each company's governing policies before using their services.  
0 	Some of our Online Services offer SNS features and Widgets, such as the Facebook "Like" button, Google + button, or the Share This button. These third-party SNS features may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly and may collect information about you when you use them, such as your IP address and which page you are visiting on our site. SNS features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly by our Online Services. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the Feature. Please review each company's governing policies before using their services.  
0 	From time to time, the Company may employ vendors to perform services on the Company's behalf. These vendors provide internal support to the Company by operating some of the services we provide you such as contest entry collection and email services. Although these vendors, not the Company, may collect, use, or maintain the information in connection with the Online Services, the Company still requires that they adhere to the Company's stated privacy policies and that they not share your personal information with third parties or use the information for their own marketing purposes.  
0 	WITH WHOM DOES THE COMPANY SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?   The Company may also share your personal information with third parties as described in this Privacy Policy. The Company may share your personal information to fulfill a request you have made, such as signing up for an email list or requesting customer support. In the event we offer services or promotions where your personal information is separately collected and used according to the privacy policy of a third party, we will inform you of that at the time of collection and you may elect not to participate in the service or promotion. In addition, we may share aggregate information (not personal information) regarding Online Service usage statistics and user demographics with third parties, but this information will not include personal information.  
0 	We may share your personal information with third parties in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability, including as required by law enforcement or other government officials. We also may share your personal information with third parties when we have reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights, property, operations, users, or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, investigate, or enforce our terms and conditions, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on the Company. In addition, your personal information may be disclosed to a potential or actual successor or assign in connection with a proposed or consummated merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event involving all or a portion of the Company, the Company's customer information may be transferred to our successor or assign.  
0 	HOW YOU CAN CONTROL THE COLLECTION, USE, AND/OR DISPLAY OF DATA OR REVIEW AND CORRECT YOUR DATA   If you are a member of an Online Service, you may use that services account and privacy settings to personalize the collection, use and/or display of your data via that service.  
0 	If you do not want to receive certain communications such as newsletters or promotional offers, you may decline consent at the time your personal information is collected or later opt-out by using the methods listed below. In addition to the methods below, along with every communication sent to you, the Company gives you the opportunity to discontinue receiving future communications.  
0 	If for any reason you wish to unsubscribe to Rockstar Games mailing lists please log in to manage your account or use the unsubscribe links at the bottom of any Rockstar Games email message. To delete your Rockstar Games account, sign into your Social Club account, go to https://socialclub.rockstargames.com/profile equestdeleteaccount.html, and follow the instructions on the page. If you are unable to log in to Social Club or you do not have access to your account, please email deleteaccount@RockstarGames.com from the same email account you used to join Social Club, include your Social Club nickname in the message and include Delete Account in the subject field.  
0 	If you do not want your gameplay information to publicly appear via the Rockstar Games Social Club, then you should visit www.rockstargames.com/socialclub/privacy/opt and follow the instructions to opt out of our gameplay information services by masking your user ID. Please note that, even if you opt out of participation in the Social Club, your gameplay information may still appear on certain gameplay boards including those hosted by third parties such as console manufacturers (including copies of those boards hosted on the Social Club) and the Company will continue to collect and store information regarding your usage of its games for internal purposes.  
0 	In addition to the above methods, if you wish to view, delete, or correct the personal information collected about you, you may also send an e-mail to privacypolicy@take2games.com, or write to us at Take-Two Interactive, Attn: Internet Privacy Policy Administrator, 622 Broadway, New York, New York 10012. Please indicate your country of residence in your correspondence.  
0 	Data Retention: We will retain your personal information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your personal information to provide you services contact us as described above under "How You Can Control the Collection, Use, and/or Display of Data or Review Your Data." If your account is inactive for a period time it may be deleted. If information is changed or deleted, we may still retain some of your information in our files to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreement, administer our services, comply with technical and legal requirements, and/or other constraints related to the security, integrity, and operation of our Online Services.  
0 	In all cases for all Online Services, we will respond to your request for access to update, delete, or correct inaccuracies to your personal information within 30 days.  
0 	WHAT IS YOUR POLICY REGARDING LINKS TO OTHER SITES?   You should be aware that while you are on our websites you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization, or representation of our affiliation with that third party. Because we cannot guarantee that the privacy policies of these websites meet our high standards, we recommend reading the privacy policy of the website you link to before you submit any of your personal information  
0 	DO YOU COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN UNDER 13?   The Company does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years old. If we become aware that a child under 13 has submitted information to the Company, we delete this information immediately. We encourage parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names, addresses, or phone numbers, without permission, when using the Internet.  
0 	WHAT SAFEGUARDS ARE USED TO PROTECT MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?   To protect your personal information, the Company follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity, and privacy of the information you have provided. The Company has security measures in place designed to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Personal information collected by the Company is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public (e.g., locked rooms). To prevent unauthorized electronic access to personal information, the Company maintains information collected online behind a firewall-protected server and uses SSL encryption for purchases made through our online store. However, no system can be 100% secure and human errors occur, so there is the possibility that there could be unauthorized access to your information. By using our services, you assume this risk.  
0 	Your California Privacy Rights  
0 	Since 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If this Privacy Policy states that any personal information may be shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, you may send inquiries regarding our disclosure policy to:   Take Two Interactive Attn: Internet Privacy Policy Administrator 622 Broadway New York, New York 10012 privacypolicy@take2games.com  
0 	TRANSFER OF YOUR INFORMATION TO THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER COUNTRIES   All information collected or received by the Company in connection with the Online Services is collected in, processed in, or transferred to the United States of America and other countries. While your information is in another jurisdiction, it may be accessed by the courts, law enforcement, and national security authorities pursuant to the laws of those jurisdictions. By using our services, you expressly consent to such collection, transfer, and processing. Backup data, matchmaking data, and administrative data may also be stored on media or servers located in the United States of America and other countries.  
0 	OTHER COMPANY TERMS   Use of our services and products may be subject to other terms, conditions and disclosures prescribed by the Company, console manufacturers and/or other partners, including: (i) the Limited Software Warranty and License Agreement that accompanied the purchase of the game; (ii) terms of service, privacy policy, and code of conduct for our Online Services; (iii) other terms and disclosures which are made available to you by the Company; and (iv) the terms, conditions, and disclosures made available to you by third parties in connection with the use of their gaming consoles and/or Online Services. All such terms, conditions and disclosures are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy.  
0 	OTHER TERMS FOR THIRD PARTY PLATFORMS   You may be able to sign up for or access the Online Services through third-party platforms such as gaming consoles, mobile devices, other websites and social networking services. When you submit personal information to the Company via a third-party platform, your use of that platform is also governed by its terms of service, privacy policies and/or code of conduct. Please review each company's governing policies before using their services.  
0 	HOW DO I ASK A QUESTION OR FILE A COMPLAINT?   For all questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy, contact our Privacy Policy Administrator at 646-536-2842; via email at privacypolicy@take2games.com; or, by regular mail at Take-Two Interactive, Attn: Internet Privacy Policy Administrator, 622 Broadway, New York, New York 10012. If you are a Rockstar Games Online Services user located in the European Union, please indicate that in your email, letter, or phone call.
0 	The following Privacy Policy applies to your use of all websites, mobile applications, and other products and services owned, controlled, operated or hosted (whether now or in the future) by JibJab Media Inc. dba JibJab Bros. Studios and/or its corporate affiliates, including but not limited to the JibJab.com, StoryBots.com, HelloSanta.com, JibJab Messages and all related applications and services (collectively the "JibJab Sites").  
0 	Privacy Policy  
0 	Last Updated: March 1, 2015  
0 	This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the agreement between JibJab Bros. Studios ("JibJab" or "we") and each Visitor, Registered User, Live Call Purchaser or Member, as the case may be (each, a "user" or "you") concerning the use of the JibJab Sites. The other integral parts of such agreement are the JibJab Terms of Service (click here), the JibJab Terms of Sale (click here) and the Legal Notices (click here). All capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy shall be as defined in the JibJab Terms of Service (click here).  
1 	At JibJab, we respect your right to privacy and we understand that you need to control the uses of your personal information. This Privacy Policy details below the measures taken by JibJab to protect your privacy in connection with your use of the JibJab Sites. However, you understand that the JibJab Sites and JibJab Services allow, among other things, users who are 13 or older to post personal content (e.g., photographs and information about themselves and others for whom they have the authority or permission to post photos and information) for public review and comment, both in public forums and with private messaging. Accordingly, by submitting personal content for public posting on any of the JibJab Sites or through any of the JibJab Services, you hereby waive any and all privacy expectations (including the privacy expectations of any other individual who appears in your submitted content) with respect to JibJab's use of such content. If you do not wish to have personal content viewable by others, you should not submit content for public posting on the JibJab Sites and JibJab Services.  
1 	JibJab also allows Registered Users and Members to set up unique personal profiles either directly with JibJab or via third-party sign-on services (e.g., Facebook Connect). To enrich user experience, we request and display some personal information to others so as to allow our users to identify each other. Registered Users and Members can change their profile information at any time and can control how the service communicates with them.  
1 	By submitting personal information on any of the JibJab Sites or through any of the JibJab Services, you affirmatively consent to this Privacy Policy and agree to have such personal information (to the extent disclosed by you either directly to JibJab or via third-party sign on services) collected by JibJab (or its agents or contractors) and transferred to and processed in the United States.  
0 	Your California Privacy Rights   Effective January 1, 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (known as the "Shine the Light" law) provides that, if an individual who is a California resident has provided his/her personal information to a business in connection with a business relationship that is primarily for personal, family, or household purposes, and if that business has within the immediately preceding calendar year disclosed such individual's personal information to a third party and knows or should have known that such third party used the information for its own direct marketing purposes, then that business is obligated to disclose in writing to such individual upon request, what personal information was shared and with whom the information was shared. A business may comply with this law by: (1) having EITHER a published privacy policy of not sharing a customer's personal information for third-party direct marketing use unless the customer has first affirmatively opted in to such sharing OR a published privacy policy of not sharing a customer's personal information for third-party direct marketing use if the customer has opted out to prevent his/her personal information from being shared for third-party direct marketing use; AND (2) notifying the customer of his/her right to opt out and providing a cost-free means for the customer to exercise that right.  
0 	California residents may request an information-sharing disclosure from us by emailing your request to support@JibJab.com or writing to us at JibJab Bros. Studios, Att: Privacy Dept., 13428 Maxella Ave 363, Marina Del Rey, CA 90292. Please note that, under the law, we are not required to respond to your request more than once in a calendar year, nor are we required to respond to any requests that are not sent to the above-designated email or mailing address.  
0 	Do Not Track Disclosure : The JibJab Sites do not currently respond to "Do Not Track" signals of Web browsers. However, should the industry establish uniform technological standards for recognizing and interpreting "Do Not Track" signals, the JibJab Sites would be open to following such industry standards.  
1 	Information Collection and Use   JibJab collects user submitted information including but not limited to name, email address, and age to authenticate users and to send notifications to those users relating to the JibJab Sites and JibJab Services. JibJab may also collect other data either directly or via third-party sign-on services (e.g., Facebook Connect), including but not limited to: personal interests, gender, age, education and occupation, in order to enrich the user experience.  
1 	JibJab also logs non-personally-identifiable information such as IP address, aggregate user data, and browser type, from users and visitors to the site. This data is used to manage the website, track usage and improve the website services. This non-personally-identifiable information may be shared with third-parties to provide more relevant services and advertisements to users. User IP addresses may be recorded for security and monitoring purposes.  
1 	User account information, including pictures and usernames, may also be collected and displayed in order to enrich the user experience and facilitate user interaction on the JibJab Sites and in email communications. Email addresses are primarily used for the purpose of sending notifications related to the service. With the exception of notifying friends about content the user has created, a user's email address is not shared or publicly displayed on the JibJab Sites or within the JibJab service. Users' full names, to the extent collected and stored, are never directly revealed to other users, unless authorized by the user.  
1 	We use the email address you provide upon registration to communicate with you regarding your account, your purchases and/or other transactions with JibJab, changes in our Terms of Service, Terms of Sale and/or Privacy Policy, and other matters relating to your account with JibJab. It also enables us to send you announcement emails about our new content, features, services, products, promotions, etc. You may opt out of receiving announcement emails from us at any time, by following the opt-out link contained in an announcement email you previously received, or by logging into the "My Account" section of the JibJab Site(s) where you have an account and changing your email preferences in the account settings.  
0 	From time to time, JibJab and one or more of its partners may co-sponsor a promotion, sweepstake or contest or may offer a co-branded product or service on the JibJab Sites (each, a "Joint Offering"). Users may be asked to provide personal information such as name, email address, home address, etc. or to answer questions in order to participate in a Joint Offering, which personal information may be shared by JibJab with its partners involved in such Joint Offering, and such partners may use the information for its own advertising and marketing purposes. Also, we may transfer personal information to certain ad partners that you have explicitly requested to receive information from. It will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the personal information and whose privacy statement will apply.  
1 	Use of Cookies Similar Tracking Technologies   A "cookie" is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from an Internet server and stored in your computer. JibJab uses cookies (including Flash cookies) to store user preferences, account status, traffic origination, and to record session information, for purposes including ensuring that users are not repeatedly offered the same advertisements and to customize newsletter, advertising, and Web page content based on browser type and user profile information. You may be able to configure your browser to accept or reject all or some cookies (other than Flash cookies), or notify you when a cookie (other than a Flash cookie) is set - each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences - however, you must enable cookies from JibJab in order to use most functions on the JibJab Sites. For more information about Flash cookies and how to remove them from your computer, please see the paragraph below entitled "SPECIAL NOTE - Flash Cookies."  
0 	JibJab also implements several Google Analytics features that support Display Advertising. You may opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ad Settings or by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.  
1 	JibJab utilizes "Remarketing with Google Analytics" to advertise online. In addition, third-party vendors, such as Google, show these ads on sites across the Internet and JibJab and third-party vendors use both first-party and third-party cookies to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on user visits to the JibJab site. JibJab also utilizes "Google Display Network Impression Reporting", which uses both first-party and third-party cookies to report how ad impressions, uses of ad services, and interactions with the ad impressions and ad services are related to user visits to the JibJab sites. JibJab also utilizes "Demographics and Interest Reporting", which collects data based on user demographics and interests, including but not limited to: age, gender, affinity category behavior and other category behavior. Data collected from the Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting function is used in order to enrich the user experience and provide more relevant services and advertisements to users.  
1 	Some JibJab products may utilize MobileAppTracking, a HasOffers Analytics tracking service which collects non-personally identifiable user data including but not limited to: platform, timestamp, locale, time zone, page views, and IP address. JibJab uses this service to collect and compare information about the user base and user visits. You are free to opt out of this data collection service by going to HasOffers Analytics' End User Opt-Out page at https://www.optoutmobile.com/optout.  
1 	In addition, JibJab may use so-called "pixel tags," "web beacons," "web bugs," "clear GIFs," etc. (collectively "Web Beacons") to collect information about your visits to the JibJab Sites. These are small electronic images embedded in web content (including online ads) and email messages and are ordinarily not visible to users. Like cookies, Web Beacons enable us to track pages and content (including ads) accessed and viewed by users on the JibJab Sites. Also, when we send HTML-formatted (as opposed to plain text) emails to our users, Web Beacons may be embedded in such emails to allow us to monitor readership levels so that we can identify aggregate trends and individual usage to provide our users with more relevant content or offers. Web beacons in emails may recognize activities such as when an email was opened, how many times an email was forwarded, which links in the email were clicked on, etc. Web Beacons cannot be declined when delivered via a regular web page. However, Web Beacons can be refused when delivered via email. If you do not wish to receive our Web Beacons via email, you will need to disable HTML images or refuse HTML (select Text only) emails via your email software.  
0 	Please note that JibJab may allow thirty-party advertisers (including those that are serving their own ads on the JibJab Sites, as well as those so-called "network advertisers" or "ad networks" who are serving and managing ads for others) to set and use their own cookies (including Flash cookies) and/or Web Beacons on your computer when you visit the JibJab Sites. These cookies and Web Beacons allow third-party advertisers to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement and to compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on. The information so compiled allows third-party advertisers to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. Note, however, that we do not show these types of advertisements to our children users or track children users for targeted advertising purposes.  
0 	Use of cookies (including Flash cookies) and Web Beacons by third-party advertisers is governed by the privacy policies of those advertisers - not the JibJab Privacy Policy. JibJab has no control over what information is collected by third-party advertisers or how they may use the information. The privacy policies and data practices of such third-party advertisers may significantly differ from those of JibJab, and JibJab makes no representation or warranty whatsoever about third-party advertisers' data policies and practices. For more information regarding the data practices of some of these third-party advertisers and how to opt out of their use of your information, please visit  
0 	 http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/completed .    The JibJab Sites also contain links to and/or enables certain third-party Internet functionalities to enhance your online experience, including, without limitation, social plug-ins, tools and APIs. Prior to using any third-party functionalities (e.g., Facebook Connect) on the JibJab Sites, you should consult the privacy notices of the third-party providers of such functionalities (e.g., Facebook). Once again, we have no control over what information is collected by such third parties, or how they may use the information. The privacy policies and data practices of such third parties may significantly differ from ours, and we make no representation or warranty whatsoever about their data policies and practices. Your communications and interactions with such third parties are solely between you and them, and are at your own risk.  
0 	SPECIAL NOTE - Flash Cookies:   Flash cookies (also known as "local shared objects" or "LSOs") cannot be rejected, disabled, turned off, opted out, or deleted in the same way as regular cookies such as HTML cookies. Flash cookies may remain on your computer even after you have rejected, disabled, opted out or deleted regular cookies. For information on how to manage and remove Flash cookies, please visit:     http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html     http://epic.org/privacy/cookies/flash.html     http://www.aboutcookies.org/Default.aspx?page=2     http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html  
0 	Please note that, in addition to JibJab's Flash cookies, third-party advertisers may set and use their own Flash cookies for user tracking purposes when serving and managing ads on the JibJab Sites.  
1 	Invitations and Other Communications to Non-users   JibJab users can send content to friends via our system and invite friends to join the service via third-party single sign-on services (e.g., Facebook Connect). JibJab may store the email addresses that users provide so that JibJab can send notifications authorized by users and related reminders to such email addresses. JibJab does not sell these email addresses or use them to send any other communication besides those initiated by users and invitation reminders initiated by JibJab (one (1) per email address). Recipients of emails from JibJab may contact JibJab to request the removal of their information from our database by clicking on the "Opt-Out" Link at the bottom of our emails.  
0 	You may prevent JibJab messages from being sent to any email address you control by sending an email request to support@jibjab.com or by visiting and adjusting your email preferences in My Account. Please note that the email must come from the account you wish to block.  
0 	Service Providers   We rely on certain third-party services for the operation of the JibJab Sites, such as credit card payment processing, order processing, fulfillment and shipment, data storage and security, etc. To the extent a third-party service provider needs to access your information in order to perform services to us, we share your information with that provider. We require that a third-party service provider limit its use of your information solely to providing services to us and that it maintain the confidentiality, security and integrity of your information and not make unauthorized use or disclosure of the information.  
0 	For example, if you purchase a product from the JibJab online store, we use a third-party vendor to pack and ship your order. Our fulfillment vendor will be given access to your full name and shipping address solely for the purpose of shipping your order. We require our fulfillment vendor not to retain, share, store or use your information for any other purpose.  
0 	As another example, we use Recurly, Inc to provide billing, subscription management and other payment related services. When you check out on any of the JibJab Sites, you will be asked to enter your First Name, Last Name, Credit Card Information, Billing and Shipping Address as necessary to complete your transaction. JibJab does not store any payment information in our database. Rather, we rely on Recurly, a PCI-DSS Level 1 compliant service merchant provider, to store all payment related data. Recurly is prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose other than providing the above-described contracted services.  
0 	Third-Party Sites   The JibJab Sites contain links to third-party sites. Unless expressly otherwise stated by JibJab, JibJab is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of linked third-party sites. When you leave a JibJab Site and go to a third-party site, our Privacy Policy will no longer apply, and any information collected from or about you on the third-party site will be governed by the privacy policy of that third party. Third-party sites' privacy policies and data practices may be substantially different from those of JibJab. They may send their own cookies, web beacons, etc. to your computer or mobile device, and may collect data about you and make use of the data in ways that we would not. You access such third-party sites entirely at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a third-party site before disclosing any personal information on that site.  
0 	For example, some of the JibJab Sites allow you to check out through Paypal. If you choose to use Paypal, your use of the Paypal service (including any personal information you submit to Paypal) is subject to and governed by Paypal's privacy policy, and not JibJab's. Also, when you purchase a JibJab mobile app from a third-party app store (e.g., Apple/iTunes), your purchase is with the third-party app store and not with JibJab, and accordingly, any personal information you submit to the third-party app store in connection with the purchase is subject to and governed by the privacy policy of the third-party app store, and not JibJab's.  
0 	Public Communication   Please be aware that whenever you voluntarily post information on the JibJab Site(s) that that information can be accessed by the public and can in turn be used by those people to send you unsolicited communications. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums.  
0 	We do not currently make available public forums to our children users.  
0 	Correcting/Updating or Removing Information   JibJab users may modify or remove any of their personal information at any time by logging into their account and accessing the "My Account" section.  
0 	Email Choice/Opt-out   Registered users and members may choose to no longer receive updates or notifications by managing their email preferences in the "My Account" section of any of the JibJab Sites. All notification emails and JibJab newsletters include instructions for opting-out of those communications in the future.  
0 	Security   JibJab user accounts are secured by user-created passwords and, in some cases, third-party sign-on services (e.g., Facebook Connect). JibJab takes precautions to ensure that user account information is kept private. We use commercially reasonable measures to protect user information that is stored within our database, and we restrict access to user information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions, such as our customer service personnel and technical staff. However, we do not guarantee that these efforts will completely protect user account information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time. We will endeavor to notify users in the event that the security of their personal information is breached or compromised. By submitting personal information on any of the JibJab Sites, you expressly consent to receiving our notification regarding any breach or compromise, or suspected breach or compromise, of the security of your personal information, by email or postal mail, as we deem appropriate, and as required by law. For any additional information about the security measures we use on JibJab, please contact us at: support@jibjab.com .
0 	  We urge you to keep your username, password, and other account access information in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone. Also, remember to sign off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit to a JibJab Site. This is to ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place such as a library or an internet cafe.  
0 	Sharing and Disclosure of Information JibJab Collects   Except as otherwise described in this privacy statement, JibJab will not disclose personal information to any third party unless we believe that disclosure is necessary: (1) to comply with applicable law or to respond to a subpoena, court order, search warrant or other legal process received by JibJab, whether or not a response is required by applicable law; (2) to protect or enforce our rights or the rights of a third party; (3) to protect the safety of members of the public and our users; or (4) to respond to an emergency. JibJab reserves the right to transfer personal information to a successor in interest that acquires rights to that information as a result of a sale of JibJab or substantially all of JibJab's assets to that successor in interest or of a merger between JibJab and such successor in interest. JibJab also reserves the right to disclose personal information as necessary to enable third-party service providers to support and maintain the operation of the JibJab Sites and JibJab's services. You will be notified via e-mail of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information. For more information see the "Changes in Our Privacy Policy" section below.  
0 	Children's Privacy   JibJab is committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. The JibJab Sites and JibJab Service are not intended for use by children under the age of 13 without parental supervision. JibJab does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Users must be 13 or older to be eligible to register on the JibJab Sites.  
0 	Some of the JibJab Sites and JibJab Services, such as StoryBots.com, are designed for parents and their young children. Children can only access and use such sites and services with the participation and supervision of their parents. Because of the young age of our children users, only parents are allowed to create accounts and profiles and to upload personal content on such sites and services. JibJab does not knowingly collect any personal information directly from children on such sites and services. We also take certain measures to prevent children from submitting personal information to us or from accessing features that may collect or publish such information.  
0 	If you wish to review or delete any profile information that you have provided us regarding a child, or ask that we stop using such information, you may do so at any time through the settings area of your account or by contacting us using the information below.  
0 	Changes in Our Privacy Policy   This Privacy Policy is subject to change by JibJab from time to time. If we make material changes (including material changes in the way we use or share user personal information, such as using information for purposes materially different from those disclosed in this Privacy Policy), we will post the changes on the JibJab Site(s) affected by such changes and notify registered users and members via email. Also, we may ask registered users and members to review and consent to the changes at the time of their next account log-in. By continuing to use the JibJab Site(s) affected by such changes after such notice and consent, you agree to be bound by the changes to this Privacy Policy.  
0 	Contacting the Web Site   If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the data practices of any of the JibJab Sites, or your dealings with any of the JibJab Sites, please contact us via email at support@jibjab.com , or via mail at JibJab Bros. Studios, Att: Privacy Dept., 13428 Maxella Ave 363, Marina Del Rey, CA 90292.
0 	 PRIVACY POLICY    Last updated: March 25, 2015  
0 	Groundspeak, Inc. is dedicated to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy pertains to the following services of Groundspeak: GEOCACHING.COM website and mobile applications;  SHOP.GEOCACHING.COM website;  WAYMARKING.COM website;  WHERIGO.COM website and mobile application;  GROUNDSPEAK.COM, including discussion forums  BLOG.GEOCACHING.COM website; and  MYGEOCACHINGPROFILE.COM website. 
0 	This Privacy Policy covers information that you give us about yourself as you use our websites, applications and other services, register to become a member or to receive information from us, or volunteer information. Our services are hosted on servers located in the United States. Our websites and applications use cookies and other common automated data collection technologies. Please see "How We Use Cookies" for more information about these technologies and how you can opt out of their use.  
0 	By using any of the services above, you are accepting the practices described in our Privacy Policy.  
1 	 1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT FROM YOU?    A. Information You Give Us. We receive and store any information you give us when interacting with our services or in any other way, including through Geocaching API-enabled third party applications or services. For example: Name and email address when registering for an account with us  Name, billing address, shipping address, phone number, email address and credit card information for purchase of Premium membership and purchases from Shop Geocaching (shop.geocaching.com).  Profile information such as your home location, your profile photo, your occupation, your address, any photo uploads, etc.  Any information required by contest or sweepstakes entries or other promotions.  Information and content you provide through the discussion forums, your geocache and trackable logs or by email to us.  Email address when you sign up to receive our newsletter or other communications from us.  Email addresses of people you know when you participate in a referral program.  Messages you send or receive through our communications services.  Information you provide in an application and resume when applying for a job with us.  Any information you choose to share with us as part of surveys you do for us (or a third party acting on our behalf) 
1 	B. Information Collected Automatically. When you use our services, we automatically receive and record information from your browser or mobile device, including: Your location  The unique identifier for your mobile device  Your IP address  Time and date of access  If you're accessing our services through one of our API partners, the name of the application you're using  The user ID we've assigned to the account through which you are accessing our services  Whether you are a Premium or Basic member  The latitude and longitude of any location-based search you perform  Files/listings accessed  Version of our application that you're using  Cookie information  The page you requested 
1 	C. Cookies. Groundspeak uses cookies and other types of data collection technologies for different purposes, including recognizing our users and customizing certain features of our services and functions for repeat visitors. See "How We Use Cookies" below for more information.  
1 	 2. HOW DO WE USE INFORMATION?    Groundspeak will use your information collected in connection with our services, which may include your name, e-mail address, or other information unique to you: For the purpose for which you gave it to us, such as account registration, Premium membership or Shop Geocaching purchases  For our own internal business purposes, such as analyzing the use of our services via Google Analytics and Quantcast, market research, and website and mobile application optimization.  To communicate with you about new products and services, to share information with you about our existing products and services, such as through our Geocaching and Shop Geocaching newsletters and other emails and to keep you informed of developments in geocaching and location-based entertainment-related activities.  To verify your identity.  To provide customer service and review issues with your account or your use of our services.  To allow you to share your experiences using our services with others.  To update you on changes to our services, this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use and other administrative communications.  To authorize payment, whether through secure third party credit card processing gateways or through other payment methods.  To improve our products and services.  To customize the content available through our services.  To allow you to login, share information or "like" us through a social network site account, such as Facebook and Twitter.  To create a convenient and easy-to-use shopping process on Shop.Geocaching.com that includes an online shopping cart.  To restrict access to our services or communicate with users who have violated our Terms of Use Agreement or otherwise violated our rights or the rights of others. 
0 	 3. WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION?    Except as provided below, we do not share or sell information that identifies our users personally or makes it possible for other parties to contact them directly. We share your information as follows: Other Users. We may disclose personal information to other people who use our services if you choose to include personal information, such as your email address, photo or other details, in your public profile. Your username and location and any other information or content you post publicly will be shared with others when you use the public features of our services, such as logging a geocache or participating in the discussion forums. 
0 	Partners. We license our API to partners who use it to develop other geocaching-related services, including websites and mobile applications. Any information you have included on your public profile or geocache logs (including photos) will be accessible to them through the API. Additionally, we share home coordinates with our API partners and randomize the decimal portion of the degrees. Our API License Agreement requires our API partners to comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy with regard to any information acquired through our API or submitted through use of their websites or mobile applications. We provide location information to our map providers without identifying you specifically for the purpose of enabling map functionality. Additionally, we may partner with other companies/organizations to provide promotions, GeoTours, and Geocaching Adventures. If you choose to participate, the information you provide may be shared via our API or otherwise to enable your participation and to allow the sponsor to contact you. 
0 	Third Party Service Providers. From time to time, we employ other companies and individuals to perform specialized functions on our behalf, such as secure credit card processing and email service providers. They may have access to personal information needed to perform these functions but will be prohibited from using it for other purposes. 
0 	Protection of Us and Others. We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) comply with the law or comply with legal process served on Groundspeak; or (b) protect and defend our rights or property, our services, users or the public. 
0 	Business Transfers. In the unlikely event that we sell a portion of or all of our business or in the event that we reorganize, customer records would likely be transferred to the acquiring company or new entity; however, any personal information in those records will remain subject to the promises made in the pre-existing privacy policy. 
0 	 4. HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?    Groundspeak has implemented many security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of your information. We protect your account information through the use of a password. To protect the confidentiality of your information you MUST keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. We also work to protect the security of your credit card information during transmission through the use of third party payment processors using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the information you input. However, keep in mind that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.  
0 	 5. WHAT CHOICES DO I HAVE?    You can always choose not to provide information, even though it may be needed to use our services.  You can add or update certain information by signing in to your account and accessing your Account Settings.  If you do not want to receive our newsletter or marketing communications from us, you can click the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email you receive. This will not affect our ability to send you communications regarding your account.  If you do not want to receive emails from us about specific geocaches or Trackables, you can change your preferences by logging into your account and removing these geocaches and/or Trackables from your Watchlist or bookmarks. Please note that you cannot disable notifications related to geocaches or Trackables owned by you.  If you have granted us access to your Facebook or Twitter account by linking, you can disconnect the link by logging into your account, accessing your profile and clicking the Facebook or Twitter icon to disconnect. 
1 	 6. HOW WE USE COOKIES    We use cookies and common automated data collection technologies, including web beacons, clear GIFs associated with cookies and Adobe Flash local shared objects, on our websites and applications, in order to provide certain services, such as logging a geocache, and to allow you to sign up for information from us.
1 	We gather date, time, certain information about a user's browser and system or device configuration and capabilities, navigation history and IP address for all visitors to our websites. We use this information for our system administration and security and to gather general information about our audiences and their geographic locations.  
1 	A. Our cookies. We place cookies that identify you, or allow third parties to do so on our behalf, for the following purposes: to recognize you automatically when you return to our websites and mobile applications and to customize certain features and functions;  to understand your interests in content, both our own content and that of other companies, on or across our websites and mobile applications;  to make an automated record of your activities on our websites and mobile applications; and  to manage, track and follow up on email campaigns. 
0 	We use third party tools such as Google Analytics cookies to track how groups or categories of users interact with our services.  
0 	You may use the tools in your browser to decline, disable, or delete any cookies. You will still be able to log on as a member if you decline or delete our persistent cookie that enables automatic recognition, but many important features of our websites will not be available, e.g. you will not be able to log a geocache if persistent cookies have been disabled. If you disable the session cookie for our websites, you may remain on the site but you will not be able to use Shop Geocaching and access certain other content.  
0 	B. Third party advertising cookies. We allow other companies to serve ads on our web pages. We do not control their use of cookies or other data collection technologies or practices. We currently allow Google AdSense to serve ads on our websites. Google uses other companies, such as PointRoll and Nielsen/Netratings to help it serve ads. Google and some of the companies it works with may offer additional choices about your preferences. Please visit the Google for more information about the technologies they use and their privacy practices. Google is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative. The NAI offers useful information about ad networks and a single place to turn off targeted ad serving from any of its members. We may add or change the list of third party advertisers from time to time without changing the effective date of the Privacy Policy itself. We urge you to check this section for changes regularly.  
0 	 7. HOW CAN YOU CHANGE OR DELETE THE INFORMATION WE HAVE?    Access "Account Settings" to change or delete information yourself. If you need help or have questions about changing or deleting the information we have collected, please email us or write to us at Groundspeak, Inc., Attn: Corporate Counsel, 837 N. 34th Street, Suite 300, Seattle WA 98103. For specific requests to remove or change your profile information on Shop Geocaching (shop.geocaching.com), please email Shop Geocaching directly.  
0 	 8. WHAT CAN I DO IF MY CHILD HAS PROVIDED PERSONAL INFORMATION?    Our services are not intended for use by children, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn that personal information of someone less than 13-years-of-age has been collected through our services, then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your minor child has obtained an account without your consent, then you may alert us via email and request that we delete that child's personal information.  
0 	 9. WHAT IF I DO NOT LIVE IN THE U.S.?    If you use our services outside of the United States, you understand and consent to the transfer of your personal information to, and the collection, processing and storage of your personal information in the United States. The laws on holding personal information in the United States may vary and be less stringent than laws of your state or country.  
0 	 10. ENFORCEMENT    When we receive formal written complaints alleging Privacy Policy violations, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up and review compliance with this Privacy Policy.  
0 	 11. THIRD PARTY LINKS    Websites that link to or from our services may collect personal information about you, including any social networking sites to which you choose to link your account with us. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and cannot control the activities of, those other sites.  
0 	 12. CHANGES    We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of this page. Please review this Privacy Policy periodically to be informed of how we use and protect your information. If we provide notice of changes via email, you consent to receiving email notice of such changes.
0 	 Privacy Policy    Last updated and effective as of April 28, 2014  
0 	This website ( http://taylorswift.com) is operated by GROUND CTRL, LLC d/b/a Ground(ctrl), on behalf of Taylor Nation, LLC, with the on-line store ( http://store.taylorswift.com) operated by Miva Merchant, Inc. on behalf of Taylor Nation, LLC (each of the foregoing entities, and all entities collectively, "we," "us" or "our"). This Privacy Policy ("Policy") explains how we collect, use and protect information that we learn about you as a result of your interaction with us through the websites on which this Policy is posted, including the websites that you may access using your mobile electronic device (collectively, "Sites") and the services provided through the Sites ("Services"). By accessing any part of the Sites or using the Services, you agree to the practices described in this Policy and consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as set out in this Policy. This Policy is part of the Terms of Use governing your use of the Sites and the Services; please read the Terms of Use. If you do not wish to provide your consent and/or do not agree with any part of this Policy and/or the Terms of Use, please do not use the Sites or the Services.  
0 	  What is the effective date of this Policy and when does this Policy apply?    What is our policy on children's privacy?    What information about you do we collect?    What security measures do we take?    What information about you do we share with other parties?    What choices do you have about the collection and use of your information?    What is our policy on tracking?    Does this Policy apply in other countries?    How can you contact us with questions about this Policy?  
0 	 What is the effective date of this Policy and when does this policy apply?    This Policy is effective as of the date set out above. We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time, and such revisions will become effective upon the earlier of (a) posting of the revisions to the Sites, or (b) distribution by electronic mail. Your continued use of any of the Sites or the Services after the effective date of the revisions means that you accept and agree to any such revisions. This Policy applies solely to our on-line information gathering and disclosure practices in connection with the Sites, and does not apply to any of our practices conducted off-line.  
0 	This Policy is applicable only on the Sites. This Policy does not cover the information privacy practices of third-party websites that are linked to any of the Sites or that you may otherwise be able to access from any of the Sites; such third-party websites include, without limitation, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram and iTunes. We do not control, and are not responsible for, any such third-party websites' collection and use of your information. You should refer to the privacy policy disclosures on these websites to obtain information regarding their information collection and use practices.  
0 	Please also be mindful that when you communicate with other users by participating in message boards, forums and/or chat areas, the information that you post is made available publicly. You engage in such activities at our own risk; please read the Terms of Use for additional conditions on your use of the Sites.  
0 	 What is our policy on children's privacy?    The Sites are not for children under 13 years of age. However, there are some areas of the Sites that may be attractive to children under 13. We do not condition participation by a child of any age in any activity available on or through the Sites on the disclosure of more personally-identifiable information than is reasonably necessary to participate in an activity. We do not knowingly collect personally-identifiable information from users of the Sites who are under 13 years of age. No personally-identifiable information should be submitted to, or posted on, the Sites by visitors under 13 years of age.  
0 	If we receive an e-mail message from a child who discloses, or is otherwise known to us, to be under 13 years of age, we may, without the consent of the child's parent or guardian:     Respond to a one-time request from the child;    Provide notice of the child's communication to the child's parent or guardian;    Use this information as may be necessary to ensure the safety of the child on the Sites; or    Send our electronic periodical publications and materials, with the notification to the child's parent or guardian of the option to discontinue any future delivery of the electronic periodical publications and materials.  
0 	Any parent or guardian of a child under 13 years of age who may have provided personally-identifiable information to us may request a description of the personally-identifiable information that has been collected from or about that child and either limit or restrict any further maintenance or use of such information from that child and/or direct us to delete it. A parent may also decline to allow any future collection of personally-identifiable information from that child. Such requests can be made by contacting us at privacy@taylorswift.com. We will take reasonable measures to verify that the requesting party is, in fact, the parent or guardian of the child in question before providing a child's personally-identifiable information to such person.  
0 	We will not knowingly use or disclose any personally-identifiable information of a child under 13 years of age for any purpose except as described above.  
1 	 What information about you do we collect?    By accessing or using the Sites, you may provide to us two types of information: (1) "personally-identifiable information" that you voluntarily choose to disclose to us, such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and credit card, debit card or other payment information; and (2) "non-personally-identifiable information," which we collect through the use of the technologies called "cookies," "web beacons" and/or "web logs." We use the information we collect to monitor and analyze how users use the Sites and the Services, to provide customer service and to maintain and improve the Services. We may also collect technical information to help us identify your mobile device.  
1 	You may be asked to submit personally-identifiable information to access or use certain aspects of the Services offered on the Sites - for example, when you create an account, subscribe to our mailing list, purchase a product, contact us, receive customer or technical support, or participate in chat rooms, forums, polls, surveys, questionnaires, contests, sweepstakes or other promotions. If you choose not to submit the requested personally-identifiable information, you will not be able to access or use some or all of these Services. We may also collect other types of information about you, such as your gender, hobbies and interests, and this information may be associated with your personally-identifiable information.  
1 	We use "cookies" to collect information, on an aggregate basis, about how the Sites are used. This information may include the date and time of visits to the Sites and time spent on the Sites. The use of "cookies" allows us to personalize your use of the Sites and to provide greater convenience each time that you visit. You may choose to disable cookies on your computer, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored on your computer (please consult instructions for your web browser). However, if you disable or block cookies, it is possible that some parts of the Services will not be accessible to you.  
1 	We use "web beacons" and "web logs" to allow our servers to automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit the Sites. This information includes the time and date, your Internet Protocol address, your geographic location (your zip code, your area code and/or your time zone), your browser type and version, the Sites and/or the Services that you use, and when and how long you use them. We use this information to monitor and analyze how users use the Sites and the Services, to provide customer service and to maintain and improve the Services.  
0 	 What security measures do we take?    The personally-identifiable information that you provide to us is stored on servers that are located in secured facilities with restricted access, and protected by protocols and procedures designed to ensure reasonable security of such information. In addition, we restrict access to the personally-identifiable information to those of our employees, independent contractors and agents who need to know this information in order to develop, operate and maintain the Sites and the Services. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure, and, for this reason, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us. You can help protect your personally-identifiable information by using a combination of letters and numbers in your password, changing your password often, using a secure web browser, and signing off and closing your web browser when you are finished with the use of the Sites.  
0 	 What information about you do we share with other parties?    We may use your personally-identifiable information and your non-personally-identifiable information to provide analyses of the users of the Sites and the Services, in the aggregate, to prospective partners, advertisers and other third parties.  
0 	We may disclose your personally-identifiable information with our employees, agents, contractors and sub-contractors, and our related and affiliated entities, including, but not limited to, 13 Management, LLC, Firefly Entertainment, Inc., Swift Merchandising, Inc., and Taylor Swift Productions, Inc., and their respective employees, agents, contractors and sub-contractors, for the limited purpose of enabling them to communicate with you directly about upcoming events and promotions.  
0 	We will share your personally-identifiable information with other parties under the following circumstances:  
0 	  Protection of Rights. We will share your personally-identifiable information if we have a good faith belief that: (i) access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, such as a court order or subpoena, or a request by law enforcement or governmental authorities; (ii) such action is appropriate to enforce the Terms of Use for the Sites, including any investigation of potential violations thereof; (iii) such action is necessary to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues associated with the Services; and/or (iv) such action is appropriate to protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of our employees, users of the Services or others.  
0 	  Asset Transfers. If we become involved in a merger, acquisition, or other transaction involving the sale of some or all of our assets, or in the event of an insolvency or bankruptcy, the information, including personally-identifiable information, collected from you through your use of the Sites, may be included in the transferred assets. Should such an event occur, we will use reasonable measures to notify you, either through e-mail and/or a prominent notice on the Sites.  
0 	  Service Providers. We may share your personally-identifiable information with the service providers that we engage in connection with the Services and/or the Sites. For example, we have partnered with other companies to sell products through the Services, to fulfill product orders, to process payments and to administer our e-mail announcements. While providing services for us, these companies may access your personally-identifiable information.  
0 	  Sweepstakes and Contests. If you choose to participate in any of our on-line promotions such as a sweepstakes or a contest, your personally-identifiable information collected in connection with a promotion may be shared with the third-party sponsor of the promotion, or as otherwise provided in the Official Rules. You should carefully review the Official Rules of each promotion in which you choose to participate through the Sites, as the Official Rules may contain additional important information about a third party's collection and use of your information. To the extent that the Official Rules of any promotion conflict with this Policy, the Official Rules will govern collection and use of your personally-identifiable information in conjunction with that particular promotion.  
0 	We will not share your information with third parties for the purposes of their direct marketing unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure.  
0 	 What choices do you have about the collection and use of your information?    You may access, update or delete your personally-identifiable information, and/or modify your account preferences for the Services, by accessing the "My Account" area of the Services or by contacting us at privacy@taylorswift.com. Please note that when you delete your account, we may retain your account information for a reasonable period of time for the purpose of internal account management and fraud prevention.  
0 	If you no longer wish to receive our announcements by e-mail, you may unsubscribe from receiving them at any time by choosing the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of our e-mails, or by writing to us at privacy@taylorswift.com. If you e-mail us to change your contact preferences, we will implement your requested changes within a reasonable period of time. Please note that your requested changes will not be effective until we implement such changes. Please also note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain correspondence from us, such as messages relating to your account transactions.  
0 	 What is our policy on tracking?    You may be able to adjust your browser's settings to turn on a "do not track" feature. Although our policy may change in the future, currently, we do not support "do not track" and will not honor your web browser's "do not track" signal.  
0 	We do not participate in tracking networks and do not intentionally or knowingly allow other parties to collect personally-identifiable information about your on-line activities over time and across different websites, when you visit the Sites or use any of the Services.  
0 	 Does this Policy apply in other countries?    We comply with the United States privacy laws and regulations. We do not represent that the Sites are governed by, or operated in accordance with, the laws of other nations, or that the Sites or any portion of the Sites are appropriate or available for use in any particular location. If you choose to access the Sites, you do so at your own risk, and you are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. By using the Sites, visitors to the Sites from outside the United States acknowledge and agree that the Sites are subject to United States laws and regulations, and waive any claims against us that may arise under their own national laws.  
0 	 How can you contact us with questions about this Policy?    If you have any questions about either this Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us by e-mail at privacy@taylorswift.com, or by mail at: Taylor Nation, LLC 718 Thompson Lane Suite 108256 Nashville, TN 37204  
0 	Last Updated: March 2015  
0 	 Bing and MSN Privacy Statement    This privacy statement applies to Bing and MSN websites, services, products and applications that collect data and display these terms. It does not apply to other Microsoft products and services that do not link to the Bing and MSN Privacy Statement.  
1 	 Cookies & Similar Technologies    When you use Bing and MSN services with a web browser, we will place one or more "cookies" on your machine. For example, Bing uses a cookie with a unique identifier known as the Search ID to operate the service and enable certain search features. If you sign into Bing or other Microsoft services using a Microsoft account, we will set or read one or more additional cookies. We use these cookies to operate Bing and MSN services and provide you a more relevant search experience. You can use your browser settings to remove or block cookies on your computer.  
1 	We also use web beacons to help deliver cookies and compile analytics. These may include third-party web beacons, which are prohibited from collecting your personal information.  
1 	 Collecting Your Information    When you use Bing and MSN services, Microsoft may collect many kinds of information in order to operate effectively and provide you the best products, services and experiences we can. We collect information when you register, sign in and use our sites and services. We also may get information from other companies. We collect this information in a variety of ways, including from web forms, technologies like cookies, web logging and software on your computer or other device.  
1 	When you conduct a search, Microsoft collects the following:   Search term and time and date of your search     IP address, browser configuration and your location     Any unique identifiers contained in the cookies  
0 	We store search terms (and the cookie IDs associated with search terms) separately from any account information that directly identifies the user, such as name, e-mail address, or phone numbers. We have technological safeguards in place designed to prevent the unauthorized correlation of this data and we remove the entirety of the IP address after 6 months, cookies and other cross session identifiers, after 18 months.  
1 	Bing provides search services to select partners and its users. Some examples include Yahoo! and Nokia. In order to provide these services, Bing services receive certain search related information from these partners that may include date, time, IP address, a unique identifier and other search related data.  
1 	 How We Use Your Personal Information    Microsoft uses the information we collect to operate, improve and personalize the products and services we offer. We also may use the information to communicate with you, for example, informing you about your account and security updates.  
1 	For Bing services, we use this information to provide you with relevant search results. We also use the information we collect to maintain and improve the quality, security and integrity of our services. For example we may use this information for research purposes and to improve the relevancy of Bing search results. This information is also necessary in order to detect and protect against security threats such as botnet attacks, click fraud, worms, and other threats. For Microsoft Services that are powered by Bing, we may also use this information to personalize your experience. Please see the Microsoft Services Powered by Bing section for more information.  
1 	Finally, as described in the Display of Advertising section of this document, we may use search query data for the purpose of personalizing the ads we display to you as you use our services or those of our advertising partners.  
0 	 Reasons We Share Your Personal Information    We will share your personal information with your consent. We may also share or disclose information with Microsoft affiliates and vendors; when required by law or to respond to legal process; to protect our customers; to protect lives; to maintain the security of our services; and to protect the rights or property of Microsoft.  
0 	We may share some anonymized search query data with selected third parties for research purposes. When you click on a link from a Bing search results page, the destination website will receive the standard information your browser sends to every web site you visit, including the URL of the site you came from. Because the URL of the Bing search results page contains the text of the search query you entered, the destination website will be able to determine the search term you entered.  
0 	If your browser is enabled to allow pages to pre-load in the background for faster performance, Bing may use this functionality and your browser may preload page(s) in the background for faster results. When your browser loads a page in the background, it will have the same effect as if you visited that page, including sending the Bing results page URL (which may contain your search query) and downloading any cookie files that page may set. You can delete cookies using your browser settings. Click here for more information on how to delete cookies and to control pre-loading pages in Internet Explorer 11.  
1 	 Accessing Your Personal Information and Search History    When using a web browser, the Bing preferences page allows you to manage your search preferences, such as search history, search language settings, and saved interests or favorites that may be used in Microsoft services when signed in using your Microsoft account. These settings allow you to customize your search experience and provide features that are most relevant to you and your interests.  
0 	For Bing Search in your browser, using the search terms you enter and the results you click, search history provides an easy way to revisit the sites and searches you've used before. You may clear your search history from appearing on the site by following the steps provided here or by going to the Bing preferences page noted above. Clearing your history removes it from the Search History service and prevents that history from being displayed on the site, but does not delete information from our standard search logs, which are retained and anonymized as described in the Collecting Your Information Section.  
0 	 Microsoft Services Powered by Bing    Microsoft services and apps that are powered by Bing services, such as MSN and Bing apps, Cortana, and Microsoft mapping services, use Bing search to provide you with enhanced features and convenient ways to access information such as weather forecasts, traffic reports or internet search results (not all Microsoft applications or Bing features are available in every country). These Bing-powered services are available on a variety of platforms including apps preinstalled with Windows, apps created for the iOS, apps in the Microsoft Store, and as browser plug-ins and toolbars.  
1 	When you conduct a search in a Bing-powered service or app, that information will be sent to Microsoft to provide you with the search results you are requesting. We use and protect this information as described in the Collecting Your Information section of this statement.  
1 	Some Bing-powered services, such as Cortana and MSN apps, provide you with an enhanced experience when you connect these services to your Microsoft account. When you log in and connect these Bing-powered services to your Microsoft account, Microsoft may use your information to personalize these and other Microsoft services and apps. Personalization provides you with a customized experience to provide features that are most relevant to you and your interests.  
1 	 Bing Location Services    If you've allowed a Microsoft service or application that uses Bing services to access your location, the location of your device will be sent to Microsoft along with the search terms, time and date of your search, and a unique identifier generated by the Microsoft service or application. Mapping features in Microsoft's services and apps also use Bing services, and when you submit information such as an address to be viewed on a map, that service or application passes it to Bing services for processing.  
1 	Also, if you connect a Bing Service or app to another service that has "Check-in" or "Reminder" features, such as Facebook or Foursquare, when you use these features Microsoft will store the location of your device along with your Microsoft account information.  
0 	 Children    When a Microsoft site or service collects age information, it will block users under 13 or obtain consent from a parent or guardian before their child can use it.  
0 	When consent is granted, the child's account is treated much like any other account, including letting the account holder communicate with other users.  
0 	Parents can change or revoke consent as described in this privacy statement.  
1 	 Display of Advertising    Most of the online advertisements on Microsoft sites and services are displayed by Microsoft Advertising. When we display online advertisements to you, we will place one or more cookies in order to recognize your computer when we display an ad to you. Over time, we may gather information from the sites where we serve ads and use the information to help provide more relevant ads.  
0 	You may opt out of receiving targeted ads from Microsoft Advertising by visiting our Your privacy and Microsoft personalized ads. For more information about how Microsoft Advertising collects and uses information, please see the Microsoft Advertising Privacy Statement.  
0 	 Communication Preferences    You can stop the delivery of future promotional email from Microsoft sites and services by following the specific instructions in the email you receive. You also have the option of proactively making choices about the receipt of promotional email, telephone calls and postal mail from Microsoft by visiting and signing in to the Promotional Communications Manager.  
0 	 Payment Data    Payment Data is the information that you provide when you make online purchases. This may include your payment instrument number (e.g., credit card, PayPal), your name and billing address, and the security code associated with your payment instrument (e.g., the CSV or CVV). This section provides additional information regarding the collection and use of your payment information.  
1 	 Microsoft account    Microsoft account is a service that lets you sign in to Microsoft products, web sites and services, as well as those of select Microsoft partners. When you create a Microsoft account, we ask you to provide certain information. When you sign in to a site or service using your Microsoft account, we collect certain information in order to verify your identity on behalf of the site or service, to protect you from malicious account usage and to protect the efficiency and security of the Microsoft account service. We also send some of this information to sites and services that you sign in to with your Microsoft account.  
1 	We use demographic information - gender, country, age and postal code but not your name or contact information - from your Microsoft account to provide personalized ads to you. You may opt out of receiving targeted ads from Microsoft Advertising by visiting our opt-out page.  
0 	To view additional details about Microsoft account, including how to create and use a Microsoft account, how to edit account information, and how we collect and use information relating to a Microsoft account, please click on Learn More.  
0 	 Other Important Privacy Information    Learn more about   Non-Microsoft services that use Bing search     Protecting the security of personal information     Where we store and process information     Changes to our privacy statements     How to contact us  
0 	Last Updated: September 1, 2013  
0 	 Privacy Policy    Your access to, and use of any of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette websites, microsites and apps, including, but not limited to: www.post-gazette.com; communityvoices.sites.post-gazette.com; blogs.sites.post-gazette.com; earlyreturns.sites.post-gazette.com; sportstown.sites.post-gazette.com; shale.sites.post-gazette.com; pittsburghmom.com; steelernation.sites.post-gazette.com; pge.post-gazette.com; press.post-gazette.com; as well as the Post-Gazette's tablet and smartphone applications (individually and collectively, the "Site") is subject to the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette's Terms of Use (www.post-gazette.com/termsofuse.asp). The Post-Gazette has created this Privacy Policy to explain what information we gather from you when you visit our Site, how we may use this information, and the security approaches we use to protect your information. This Privacy Policy is incorporated and made part of the Post-Gazette's Terms of Use.  
0 	By using the Site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by the Post-Gazette in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply to information collected after the date of the change.  
1 	 1. What information do we collect?    We collect information from you when you register on the Site, submit comments, photographs or other materials on the Site, place an order, or participate in another Site feature or access the site via a third party website such as Facebook, Twitter or LinkedIn.  
1 	  When signing up for, or registering to make submissions or otherwise use specific services, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, view our Site without providing such information.  
1 	  When participating in certain activities, such as commenting on a particular article, participating in an online chat, participating in an online poll, or otherwise sending messages through our web site, the comments, information, thoughts or ideas you provide may be published on the Site at the sole discretion of the Post-Gazette.  
1 	  In order to comment on articles appearing on the Site you may only do so through Facebook, by first logging onto Facebook (using your Facebook user name and password). Your use of the Facebook site is subject to Facebook's Statement of Rights and Responsibilities (http://www.facebook.com/#!/legal/terms) as well as Facebook's Data Use Policy (http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/). If you access the Site via a website such as Facebook, we will have access to your profile information on such site. The Post-Gazette may collect any personal information regarding our visitors from Facebook as a result of such comments posted via Facebook.  
1 	  If you are an entity (such as a corporation, partnership or limited liability company) or an educational institution and you authorize your employees to access those portions of the Site that require a registration, one digital subscription will entitle each of your authorized employees to access those portions of the Site without the need for each employee to register individually, provided that such employees access such portions of the Site from a computer or other device with your institutional IP addresses for such devices that you have provided to us at the time of your registration. While these employees will not need to register to access such portions of the Site if they do so on devices with the provided IP addresses, we may gather usage data and track IP addresses from such users without their individual consent.  
1 	  We use IP addresses and session identifiers to analyze trends, to administer the Site, to track user activities, to infer user interests (including user interests in certain types of content), and to otherwise induce, deduce, and gather information about individual users and market segments.  
1 	  Like many web sites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our Site. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.  
1 	  When subscribing to our digital subscription, the Post-Gazette will ask for your credit card information. Such credit card information is processed through a third-party vendor, Edgil Authentication Services (www.edgil.com). Once processed by Edgil, Edgil sends us a payment and a `token' - a 12-digit number associated with the customer, but not the credit card number that was forwarded to them. We do not store or otherwise share any such credit card information.  
1 	 2. How do we use your information?    We may use the information we collect from you when you register, submit comments, photographs or other materials, purchase products, surf the Site, or use other Site features in the following ways:   To recognize you, personalize your Site experience and allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.     To allow us to better service you in responding to your submissions and requests.     To quickly process your submissions and transactions.     To administer blogs, chats, or other Site features.  
1 	 3. Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?      Comments, email and chat session participation. If you respond with information including feedback and data, such as questions, comments, suggestions, names, town of residence, or the like, such information is deemed to be non-confidential and we have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information and we are free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute the information to any third party without limitation. We are free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose whatsoever including but not limited to writing and publishing articles and other materials incorporating such information.  
0 	  Non-personal information. We may use third- party advertising companies to serve ads. Such companies may also gather non-personally identifiable information about Site visitation patterns so that we can continue to improve our web site and use such information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visit to this web site in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you.  
0 	  We may share information about your Site visitation patterns with third-party technology providers to provide you with personalized articles which are related to content you visited on the Site in order to allow you to discover new content and to provide you with a social space for discussing the content on the Site  
0 	  Order information. Information provided to the Post-Gazette as part of the ordering process is not generally provided to outside parties provided that for credit card transactions, a third-party financial institution may receive the credit card number and other personal identifying information, like billing address, to verify the credit card numbers and process transactions and web site hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our Site, conducting our business, or servicing you, may have access to such information and agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our Site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.  
0 	  We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our Site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.  
0 	  Video Advertising. We work with third party ad networks and allow such third party ad networks to target and serve video advertising and to use cookies on our Site to collect non-personally identifiable data for use in connection with the delivery of such video advertising. If you do not wish to receive such advertising you may opt out of such advertising by going to the Network Advertising Initiative's consumer opt-out page located at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.  
0 	 4. Correction/Updating Personal Information    You can correct or update your personally identifiable information through the My Profile Page. For assistance in updating your information, contact us via email at: pgforme@post-gazette.com or by calling 1-855-PG-For-Me.  
1 	 5. Cookies    This Site uses cookies. "Cookies" are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us confirm your registration and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.  
0 	In the course of serving advertisements to this Site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by this company, please click here.  
0 	You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (e.g. Microsoft Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, or Apple Safari) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your Site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.  
0 	 6. Safeguarding Information    The Post-Gazette follows generally accepted industry security standards to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security and correctly use personal information. However, no commercial method of information transfer over the Internet or electronic data storage is known to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage in our systems.  
0 	 7. Privacy and Third-Party Links    This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by our Site. In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third-party links on our Site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).  
0 	 8. Online Policy Only    This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through our Site and not to information collected by us offline.  
0 	 9. Questions and feedback    We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about this Site. Please send any and all feedback pertaining to this Site to: pgforme@post-gazette.com or by calling 1-855-PG-For-Me. Feedback should be directed to the Feedback tab on the site or by e-mailing: comments@post-gazette.com  
0 	 10. Your California Privacy Rights    Under California's "Shine the Light" law, California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us, once per calendar year, information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g. requests made in 2013 will receive information regarding 2012 sharing activities).  
0 	To obtain this information from the Post-Gazette, please send an email message to webmaster@post-gazette.com with "Request for California Privacy Information" on the subject line and in the body of your message. We will provide the requested information to you at your e-mail address in response. Not all information sharing is covered by the "Shine the Light" requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.
0 	PRIVACY POLICY   This policy describes the privacy practices of MediaNews Group, Inc., and MediaNews Group Interactive, Inc. and MediaNews Group affiliates, collectively referred to herein as "MediaNews." This Privacy Policy is applicable only to the MediaNews Web sites ("Web site(s)") and does not apply to the print versions of any of the MediaNews publications. This policy does not apply to any third party web sites or to companies or persons not controlled by, affiliated with or managed by MediaNews and applies only to information collected by MediaNews on the MediaNews Web sites and not to information disclosed, obtained or used by MediaNews through other means. MediaNews may provide links to unaffiliated web sites for which this privacy policy does not apply. If you are unsure whether a web site is controlled, affiliated or managed by MediaNews, we recommend that you review the privacy policy at each linked web site to determine how that site treats your personal information.  
0 	MediaNews may change this privacy policy from time to time. The revised policy will be posted on the MediaNews Web site. Please check this page periodically for changes.  
1 	INFORMATION COLLECTED   Personally Identifying Information (PIN)   The Personally Identifying Information (PIN) gathered by MediaNews on MediaNews Web sites generally includes, e-mail address, password, zip code, age, gender and whether you are a print subscriber, but may also include your name (and/or company name), street address, and date of birth, phone numbers, and credit card numbers or other billing information where necessary to contact you or to process your Web site purchases. MediaNews may also collect information such as household income, job title, personal interests and hobbies. The PIN collected depends on the page you are visiting and the services that you participate in.  
1 	Web Site User Registration: User registration is required to access the majority of content, services and features on MediaNews Web sites. Upon registration, we require you provide your email address or your first name as a username and a password that will allow you to change your PIN as needed. User registration with MediaNews Web sites is completed and membership activated upon clicking a link e-mailed to the address provided in registration. At that time you have the opportunity to opt-in to e-mail newsletters and alerts and have e-mail offers sent to you on behalf of MediaNews advertisers, however, you can update your preferences at a later time.  
1 	Web Site Sites Products: Your PIN as well as a telephone number, credit card number or other billing information is generally collected in order to process the purchase of services or products on the MediaNews Web sites, such as purchasing a newspaper subscription or placing an ad. Your PIN will also be collected upon registration for home delivery requests, vacation delivery stop requests and other similar requests as well as upon the use or download of software available on MediaNews Web sites.  
1 	Sweepstakes, Contests, Promotions, Special Offers: MediaNews may request additional PIN from you upon your optional entry in any sweepstakes, contests, promotions or special offers found on MediaNews Web sites.  
1 	Feedback, Commentary, Surveys, Message Boards, Chat Rooms: Those Web site users that choose to provide feedback or commentary, fill out surveys, engage in MediaNews chat rooms or use MediaNews message boards may be required to provide additional PIN such as demographic information, household/personal characteristics and purchase behavior.  
1 	If such information is gathered for a MediaNews survey, no PIN is released and is reported or used only in aggregate form.  
0 	Some chat room and message board forums may require registration and the sharing of PIN. Any information disclosed in chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups becomes public information. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in public forums.  
0 	Forwarding: Forwarding an article found on a MediaNews Web site generally requires that you disclose the name and e-mail address of the person to whom you are forwarding the article. MediaNews will retain this information only to provide the forwarding services.  
0 	Special Circumstances: MediaNews may disclose and use the information collected where required to do so by law, or where MediaNews, in good faith, believes the use or disclosure of the information collected is necessary to (1) comply with the law or legal processes; (2) protect and defend MediaNews rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of any MediaNews Web site; or to (4) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public. MediaNews may also use the information collected when, in its sole discretion, it believes necessary or appropriate in connection with a sale or transfer of some or all of MediaNews' assets in our Web site.  
1 	Computer Identifying Information (CIN)   The information personal to your computer and your computer use that is automatically collected through the use of electronic tools is referred to as Computer Identifying Information (CIN). The CIN gathered by MediaNews generally includes cookies, specific Web site page requests, the domain name (e.g., www.medianewsgroup.com) and Internet Provider (e.g., Comcast, American Online, NetZero) from which you access the Internet, the Internet Protocol address of your computer, the browser software (e.g. Internet Explorer or Netscape) and operating system (e.g., Windows XP, 2000, OS/2 or MacOS) you are using, your geographic location, the time and date you accessed the site, and the Internet address you visited prior to visiting the site.  
1 	Cookies and Web Beacons: Cookies are used to store and track information about you. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from Web sites and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies are used to deliver targeted advertising based on your behavior and demographics and to track your entries in promotions and contests. Cookies may be linked to PIN. In addition, MediaNews uses web beacons provided by third-party advertising companies to help manage our online advertising. Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits a MediaNews Web site, and to learn which banner ads bring users to MediaNews Web sites. MediaNews websites have two third-party web advertising companies, Yahoo! and DoubleClick, which may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. Yahoo! also may use information regarding its own users to select which ads to display. Click here to learn more about Yahoo!'s ad practices, including how to opt out of using anonymous information to select which ads to show you. For more information about DoubleClick, cookies, and how to "opt-out", please click here.  
1 	Internet Protocol (IP) Address: An IP address is your computer's location on the Internet. MediaNews Web sites log IP addresses for systems administration and trouble shooting purposes, to gather demographic and other information about you and to link information about a user's computer session to PIN.  
1 	Aggregate information: Aggregate information is user information not linked to PIN.   USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED   In general, MediaNews uses your PIN and CIN that is collected to administer the MediaNews Web sites and to provide services you request. When you provide PIN information and access MediaNews Web sites, you are sharing PIN and CIN with MediaNews and MediaNews Group affiliates and MediaNews reserves the right to use and disclose the PIN and CIN it collects. If you do not want to share your PIN, do not provide it. If you do not want to share CIN, do not access MediaNews Web sites. In addition, MediaNews may share PIN, CIN and/or aggregate information with third parties such as advertisers and business partners. PIN and CIN may also be used to perform statistical, demographic and marketing analysis of subscribers and their subscribing and purchasing patterns, to target advertisements and to help diagnose problems with our services and our Web sites.  
1 	For example, MediaNews uses or may use the PIN and CIN collected to do the following:   Web Site Use Registration: MediaNews uses PIN and CIN that is collected to fulfill subscriptions, change addresses, suspend delivery, confirm and process transactions and to contact the user regarding his or her account, new or existing products and services and special offers.  
1 	Personalization: MediaNews uses PIN and CIN that is collected to personalize the content and advertising that users see based on personal characteristics and preferences, enhance products and services and develop new products and services, and share user information with select advertisers or other third parties whose products or services may be of interest to you.  
0 	Advertising Third Parties: MediaNews may share PIN and CIN that is collected with third parties hired to perform services on our behalf, including, but not limited to, fulfilling subscription requests, sending e-mails and assisting in the provision of the MediaNews Web sites and services. The ads appearing on MediaNews Web sites are delivered to you by Yahoo! and DoubleClick, our third party web advertising company's. Information about your visits to this site, such as the number of times you have viewed an ad and other information is used to serve ads to you. A MediaNews Group affiliates participates in the APT from Yahoo! platform and Yahoo! is an ad network partner to display ads on our sites. Yahoo! is an ad network partner that displays ads on MediaNews websites. To improve your ad experience on MediaNews websites and elsewhere on the Internet, we may send non-personal information to Yahoo! based on your browser's activities, such as type of pages viewed and categories of interests, so that the advertising you see is relevant to you. Yahoo! also may use information regarding its own users to select which ads to display. Click here to learn more about Yahoo!'s ad practices, including how to opt out of using anonymous information to select which ads to show you.  
0 	Yahoo! is an ad network partner that displays ads on MediaNews Web sites. To improve your ad experience on MediaNews Web sites and elsewhere on the Internet, we may send non-personal information to Yahoo! based on your browser's activities, such as type of pages viewed and categories of interests, so that the advertising you see is relevant to you. Yahoo! also may use information regarding its own users to select which ads to display. Click here to learn more about Yahoo!'s ad practices, including how to opt out of using anonymous information to select which ads to show you.  
1 	Program Product Offerings: MediaNews may use the PIN and CIN that is collected in order to offer you the opportunity to receive information and offers about products or services from our business partners or third parties.  
0 	In some cases, MediaNews Group, Inc., MediaNews Group Interactive, Inc. or MediaNews Group affiliates, are affiliates of the CareerBuilder online careers service. Through the cooperative relationship with CareerBuilder, we are able to provide you with access to the CareerBuilder products and services through a co-branded CareerBuilder site. Because of this relationship, CareerBuilder requests that we post the following language regarding our co-branded CareerBuilder site in our privacy policy: "You may have arrived at this Web site by following a link from a CareerBuilder newspaper affiliate or other affiliate. If so, please be aware that CareerBuilder may share your information with that affiliate and the affiliate may use the information consistent with its privacy policy instead of this one."  
0 	MediaNews Group, Inc., MediaNews Group Interactive, Inc. or MediaNews Group affiliates may buy or sell various assets. In the event that MediaNews Group, Inc., MediaNews Group Interactive, Inc. or MediaNews Group affiliates sells some or all of its assets, or another company acquires one or more of its Web sites, information on users may be among the transferred assets.  
0 	OPTING-OUT   If you do not wish to share your PIN, you always have the option to not provide the information or use the MediaNews Web sites that require it.  
0 	Opting-Out   If you are a current MediaNews registered Web site user or would like to become one, but do not want your PIN shared with third parties or do not want to receive promotion and/or marketing information about other products, services and offerings from MediaNews and/or any third parties, please review the following:  
0 	Third Party Opt-Out: If, at any time, you do not want us to share your information with third parties who wish to send you information about their products and services, you may opt-out of such messages by going to the "Manage an Account" page and simply unclicking an opt-in box or you may email us at privacycoordinator@medianewsgroup.com or write to us at: Privacy Coordinator, MediaNews Group Interactive, 101 W. Colfax Ave., Suite 950, Denver, CO 80202.  
0 	If you choose to opt-out via email, please put "THIRD PARTY OPT-OUT" in the subject line, along with the name of the applicable site.  
0 	MediaNews Opt-Out: If, at any time, you do not want to receive information about special offers and new products and features from MediaNews, you may opt-out of such messages by going to the "Manage an Account" page and simply unclicking an opt-in box or you may e-mail us at privacycoordinator@medianewsgroup.com or write to us at: Privacy Coordinator, MediaNews Group Interactive, 101 W. Colfax Ave., Suite 950, Denver, CO 80202. Please reference the name of the applicable site.  
0 	If you choose to opt-out via email, please put "MEDIANEWS OPT-OUT" in the subject line.  
0 	Opt-Out Exception: Even if the registered user chooses to opt-out of receiving e-mails from both MediaNews and third parties, MediaNews reserves the right to contact a registered user regarding account status, changes to this policy, the terms of use, license agreements and other matters relevant to the use of the MediaNews Web sites, services or software provided through the Web sites and/or the information collected.  
0 	Review Update Your PIN   A registered user of MediaNews Web sites may review and change his or her PIN and/or e-mail preferences by clicking on the Manage Account link after signing in. A registered user may also review and request an update of the PIN and/or e-mail preferences which he or she provided to MediaNews at any time by e-mailing us at privacycoordinator@medianewsgroup.com or write to us at: Privacy Coordinator, MediaNews Group Interactive, 101 W. Colfax Ave., Suite 950, Denver, CO 80202. Please include the name of the applicable site.  
0 	SECURITY   MediaNews uses procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access to the information collected on the MediaNews Web sites. Although such protective measures have been put in place, MediaNews cannot ensure that the information collected will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.  
0 	CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS   Under California law, California residents may request once a year, free of charge, certain information regarding MediaNews' disclosure of personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to us at: Privacy Coordinator, MediaNews Group Interactive, 101 W. Colfax Ave., Suite 950, Denver, CO 80202.  
0 	Please include the name and the address to which you would like us to respond, along with the name of the applicable site.  
0 	PRIVACY COORDINATOR   If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please contact the Privacy Coordinator using the contact information provided below. Please reference the name of the applicable site.   Privacy Coordinator   MediaNews Group, Interactive   101 W. Colfax Ave., Suite 950   Denver, CO 80202   privacycoordinator@medianewsgroup.com   (801) 257-8782  
0 	CHILDREN'S PRIVACY POLICY   This policy describes the privacy practices of MediaNews Group, Inc. and MediaNews Group Interactive, Inc., as well as MediaNews Group affiliates ("MediaNews") relating to information collected from children. This privacy policy does not apply to third party web sites, or to companies and persons that are not controlled by, affiliated with or managed by MediaNews. For most MediaNews Web sites, MediaNews does not knowingly collect information from children under 13 years of age. In the event that MediaNews collects information from children under 13 years of age, this Children's Privacy Policy shall apply.  
0 	INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM CHILDREN   MediaNews does not ask children to disclose more personal information than is necessary for them to participate in a particular activity. We urge children to check with their parents before entering information on any web site and we urge parents to discuss with their children restrictions regarding the online release of personal information. MediaNews limits its collection of information from children to what is known as non-personally identifiable information (e.g. first name, screen names, age, gender, city, state, zip code and country of residence). This information is collected so children can participate in activities (e.g. completing polls or online surveys, posting jokes, book reviews, movie reviews, toy reviews, video reviews, concert reviews, game reviews, artwork or questions/comments online, or playing online games) without giving unnecessary personal information. From time to time, however, we may request personally identifiable information (e.g. child's email address and/or parent's or guardian's email address), as explained below, in order to conduct online contests or sweepstakes, email newsletters and offers, provide subscriptions, participate in chat rooms and message boards, or offer other online activities. MediaNews does not and cannot condition a child's participation in any of our online activities on the disclosure of more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity. Information is collected actively, such as through registration forms, and passively, such as through cookies.  
0 	USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN   MediaNews occasionally offers contest and sweepstakes, which may be entered online. When a child under thirteen 13 enters a contest or sweepstakes, or participates in another activity that requires the use of personal information, we will ask for a parent's email address so that we can notify the parent of the child's participation, obtain the parent's consent and give the parent the option to have the child's information deleted. All of the child's personal information collected by MediaNews is securely maintained and used only for the specified purpose such as conducting the contest or sweepstakes and awarding prizes. MediaNews does not keep any of the child's personal information after the particular event is completed. Sometimes, MediaNews uses agents or contractors to provide services that support the internal operations of the site, such as helping us conduct a sweepstakes or sending prizes to winners. In these cases, MediaNews requires the agent or contractor to maintain the confidentiality, security and integrity of the information and limit use to the specific services they are performing on our behalf.  
0 	MediaNews may disclose information maintained as required by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. MediaNews may also disclose such information in response to a specific law enforcement agency's request. Personal information is not disclosed to third parties except those who provide support for the internal operations of the site. Parents can consent to the collection and use of their child's personal information without consenting to the disclosure of the information to third parties.  
0 	PARENTAL ACCESS   MediaNews Group and MediaNews Group affiliates are the operators collecting information at this web site. Please send an email or letter to our Privacy Coordinator at the email or mailing address provided below if you would like to do any of the following:  
0 	Access personally identifiable information that MediaNews has collected from your child,  
0 	Correct factual errors in such information,  
0 	Request to have this information deleted, or  
0 	Request that we no longer collect or maintain such information about your child.  
0 	Please include your email address and telephone number where we can reach you. MediaNews takes steps to verify the identity of anyone requesting information about a child to ensure that the person is in fact the child's parent or legal guardian.  
0 	MediaNews may change this privacy policy from time to time. The revised policy will be posted on the MediaNews Web site. Please check this page periodically for changes. If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our privacy policy and/or practices, please contact the Privacy Coordinator using the contact information provided below. Please reference the applicable site.   Privacy Coordinator   MediaNews Group, Interactive   101 W. Colfax Ave., Suite 950   Denver, CO 80202   privacycoordinator@medianewsgroup.com   (801) 257-8782  
0 	Privacy Policy   Tulsaworld.com's Privacy Policy  
0 	Welcome to Tulsaworld.com, home of the Tulsa World Online Edition. References in this Privacy Policy to Tulsaworld.com or this "Website" include the webpages that are directly accessed through the navigation bars on Tulsaworld.com which have a direct link to this Privacy Policy. There may be some webpages or sections of Tulsaworld.com which are directly accessed through the navigation bar on Tulsaworld.com which are maintained by third parties with whom we have a business relationship. These webpages may link to a separate privacy policy maintained by that third party. If you are not sure if this privacy policy applies to any webpage directly accessed through Tulsaworld.com, you should click on the privacy policy link at the bottom of the webpage, or you may contact Tulsaworld.com as set forth at the end of this policy.  
0 	We understand that privacy is very important to our visitors. We want to make sure that you understand why we collect certain information, how we use it, and how we protect it. We want our guests to feel confident that their information is handled with great care.  
0 	PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR WEBSITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND TO ALL THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR WEBSITE TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, EXIT THIS PAGE AD DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE.  
0 	This privacy policy may be modified from time to time. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy policy and other places we deem appropriate. We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please periodically review it.  
0 	How do I know my information is safe on Tulsaworld.com-  
1 	We collect information from our visitors for the sole purpose of improving Tulsaworld.com and providing more and better services to our visitors.  
0 	The only times we will divulge a visitor's personal information to a third party are disclosed in this policy. We may also disclose information:  
0 	If we believe in good faith that the law requires such disclosure.  
0 	If we need to disclose the information in order to identify, contact or initiate legal action against someone violating Tulsaworld.com's Terms of Service, or someone who is causing injury to or interference with Tulsaworld.com's rights or property, other Tulsaworld.com users, or anyone else who can be harmed by such activities.  
0 	In the event Tulsaworld.com contracts with an outside research firm, we may provide your contact information to the research firm to contact you regarding participation in surveys, focus groups or other research activities that will help us improve Tulsaworld.com's products and services. The research firm will be bound by its contract with Tulsaworld.com to use your information strictly for Tulsaworld.com research purposes, to keep your information confidential, and to adequately secure or destroy its records of your information when the research is complete.  
1 	What information does Tulsaworld.com collect-   When you register with Tulsaworld.com, we collect the following information from you:   Screen name   E-mail address   Name, address and telephone number   Tulsa World account number   Gender   Birth date  
1 	In addition to information obtained through registration, the Tulsa World obtains information from you when you purchase advertising or start a newspaper subscription, sign up for contests, promotions, notices, email alerts or promotional offers. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and what you have purchased. This information constitutes personally identifiable information.  
1 	We may also use other industry standard technologies like pixel tags and web beacons to track your use of our Website pages and promotions, or we may allow our third party service providers to use these devices on our behalf. Pixel tags and web beacons are tiny graphic images placed on certain pages on our Website, or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action. When you access these pages or open or click an email, pixel tags and web beacons generate a non-personally identifiable notice of that action. Pixel tags allow us to measure and improve our understanding of visitor traffic and behavior on our Website, as well as give us a way to measure our promotions and performance. We may also utilize pixel tags and web beacons provided by our affiliates and/or marketing partners for the same purposes.  
1 	From time to time, Tulsaworld.com will conduct surveys on its site for research purposes. When you participate in a survey, the information you provide about yourself and your responses are collected by Tulsaworld.com. We will always inform you how we will use this information.  
1 	If you contact Tulsaworld.com, we may keep a record of your correspondence.  
1 	Tulsaworld.com also tracks and collects non-personally identifiable information which does not identify a specific visitor. Non-personally identifiable information may include the Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") of the website your visited before coming to our Website, the URL of the website you visit after leaving our Website, the type of browser you are using and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address. Tulsaworld.com tracks computer IP addresses to help with system administration and to compile information about traffic patterns on the site. Computer IP addresses identify computers and the networks or Internet service providers to which they are connected. We, and/or our authorized third party service providers and advertisers, may automatically collect this information when you visit our Website through the use of electronic tools like cookies and web beacons or pixel tags, as described below. We use non-personally identifiable information to troubleshoot, administer the Website, analyze trends, gather demographic information, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. We may also share this information with our authorized third party service providers and advertisers to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, content, and programming.  
1 	Cookies and how Tulsaworld.com uses them   A cookie is a small amount of data that is transferred from a Web server through your browser and stored on the hard drive of your computer. The cookie contains your user name and password so that when you log on, the Web server recognizes you.  
0 	Some advertisers on Tulsaworld.com may use their own cookies. When you click on an advertisement, visit an advertiser's Web site or make a purchase from an advertiser, that company may use cookies according to their own policies. Advertisers' cookies are not covered under Tulsaworld.com's policy. In addition, we may use third party advertising companies to display advertisements on our Website. As part of their service, they may place separate cookies on your computer. We have no access to or control over these cookies.  
0 	You do not have to permit the use of cookies. You can, through the options in your Web browser, choose to accept all cookies, choose to reject all cookies or choose to receive notification when a cookie is being delivered so that you can make a decision whether to accept each cookie on a case-by-case basis. If you refuse all cookies Tulsaworld.com will no longer remember you when you return requiring you to log in each time you visit the site. Please note that if you decline or delete these cookies, some parts of the Website may not work properly.  
1 	General statistical information   Visits to Tulsaworld.com are monitored to gather statistical information, including the number of visits to the site, the pages visited, which domains visitors come from and the browsers used to visit the site. This data is accumulated at the aggregate level. We may use third parties to gather, collect and report on this non-personally identifiable information.  
1 	This statistical information enables us to evaluate the effectiveness of the services we provide, to monitor site performance and to make it easier for visitors to use the site.  
1 	How does Tulsaworld.com use the information it gathers-   Information collected on Tulsaworld.com, including traffic patterns and user behavior, is used primarily for the following purposes:  
1 	Internal research. Tulsaworld.com is continuously assessing how visitors use the site. This data assists us in making decisions about how to improve the site and to better serve our users. Research data are aggregated and do not include data about specific individuals. We may share aggregated research (but not individual user information) with our advertisers or business partners. Additionally, Tulsaworld.com may use your information to contact you to ask for your participation in a focus group, survey, or some other type of research effort.  
1 	To customize your experience on Tulsaworld.com. As Tulsaworld.com improves its service, it may offer users more opportunities to customize content and other aspects of the site. Information provided by you may be used to assist in the customization process, if you elect to participate in these features.  
1 	To tailor advertising efforts. Most of the information and services available to you at Tulsaworld.com are free. In order to continue providing services free of charge, Tulsaworld.com sells advertising. Advertisers prefer to target their communication toward audiences who are most likely to be interested in their products. The information gathered on Tulsaworld.com helps us advise advertisers in general terms about certain aspects of site visitors (e.g. how visitors use the site, general demographic attributes of visitors, usage patterns on various parts of our site, etc.). This information helps both advertisers and Tulsaworld.com make better decisions about where to place advertising. This information may also be used to send targeted marketing, such as emails, to users that we think would be interested in such marketing. Visitors who choose to conduct financial transactions with advertisers on Tulsaworld.com may also provide specific data to those advertisers during the process of their transactions. Additionally, any information provided during the purchase of Tulsaworld.com or Tulsa World products or services will result in the collection of certain information required to complete the transaction.  
1 	To use third party service providers. We provide some services and products through third parties. These third party service providers may perform functions on our behalf, like sending out and distributing promotional emails. We may share your personally identifiable information with such service providers as necessary to allow those service providers to fulfill orders, send mail or email, administer contests or sweepstakes, remove repetitive information on customer lists, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, provide search results and links, process credit card payments, operate the Website, troubleshoot, or provide customer service. We may also collect personal information from individuals and companies with whom we have business relationships ("Affiliates") and may share your information with service providers to accomplish our administrative tasks. For example, when you order a service, the third party payment processor we use releases your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for the service. The use of your personally identifiable information by these third parties is governed by the privacy policies of these third parties and is not subject to our control.  
1 	More specifically, here is how Tulsaworld.com may use information you provide:  
1 	E-mail addresses. If you supply Tulsaworld.com with your e-mail address, either by registering on the site, by communicating with us via e-mail, or signing up for promotional offers or emails, we may, from time to time, send you information that we believe would be of interest to you via e-mail. This information may be from Tulsaworld.com, the Tulsa World, or sent by us on behalf of one of our quality advertisers. Note: If we send you e-mail on behalf of another company, your personally identifiable information is not disclosed to that company unless you purchase a product or service from that company in which case it may need your information to fulfill your purchase. Rather, the company provides us with the information it wants to send, and we prepare and send the e-mail directly to you. We may use a third party service provider to manage or send emails on our behalf, but that third party is only authorized to use your information as necessary to send our email to you and it is not authorized to sell or transfer your information.  
1 	Postal addresses. If you supply Tulsaworld.com with your postal address, we may send you periodic mailings with information on new products, coming events, surveys or other research materials, or other information we think might be of interest to you.  
1 	Telephone numbers. If you provide your telephone number or cell phone number, Tulsaworld.com may call or text you regarding orders you have placed online, to tell you about new products, services, or coming events, or to offer other information that may interest you. Additionally, Tulsaworld.com, the Tulsa World or one of their agents may call you for research purposes.  
0 	Sale transaction information. From time to time, we provide offers from our advertisers who, as part of their offer, request information on customers who purchased their offer in order to allow the advertiser to fulfill the purchase. In those cases, we share some of your personally identifiable information with that advertiser. Sharing this Information may allow that advertiser to market directly to you should it choose to do so. However, we will only share personally identifiable information with an advertiser if you provide us that information and enter into a transaction with that advertiser on or through our Website. We are not responsible or liable for the actions of such advertiser.  
0 	Business transfer. We may also share your information in the case our business is sold or transferred. If this occurs, the successor company would acquire the information we maintain, including personally identifiable information.  
0 	What information is covered by this privacy policy- What isn't-   All information you provide directly to Tulsaworld.com is covered under this privacy policy. This information may include but is not limited to personally identifiable information such as your name, address, phone number, and e-mail address.  
0 	Information that you might post on a message board, forum, or chat room is not protected under this privacy policy. Information posted in any of these public areas is not considered confidential communication. Tulsaworld.com has the right but not the obligation to monitor the content of its bulletin boards, forums and chat rooms to determine compliance with its policies and terms of use and any other operating rules established for the website. Tulsaworld.com shall have the right in its sole discretion, and without prior notice, to edit, refuse to post, or remove any materials submitted to or posted to its bulletin boards, forums, or chat rooms.  
0 	Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose information on a public website - for example, on message boards or in chat areas - that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. Tulsaworld.com is not responsible for the disclosure of your information under these circumstances and such disclosure is not covered under this privacy policy.  
0 	Additionally, advertisers and vendors hosted on our site, or who link to our site, may collect information about you if you visit their websites, or purchase products or services from them. Information collected by vendors or advertisers hosted on Tulsaworld.com or who link to Tulsaworld.com is not covered under this privacy policy. This privacy policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. Other websites that may be accessible through our Website have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. If you link to any such website, we urge you review the website's privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties.  
0 	Finally, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online.  
0 	What if I don't want Tulsaworld.com to contact me-   You may opt out of any or all contacts from Tulsaworld.com at any time. All e-mails sent to you from Tulsaworld.com will allow to opt out of any further e-mail from us.  
0 	When you register on Tulsaworld.com, you will be given the opportunity to opt out of further communication from us.  
0 	You may accept certain kinds of contact and decline others. For example, you may choose to accept e-mails, but not postal mail or telephone calls.  
0 	If, at anytime in the future, Tulsaworld.com decides to use information provided by you in a way not described here, we will contact you beforehand to explain the use of the information and give you the opportunity to decline that use.  
0 	Security technologies   Tulsaworld.com uses industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site. When we transfer or receive certain types of sensitive data, such as financial information, we will redirect you to a secure server. We have implemented appropriate security measures in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you.  
0 	Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be secure all of the time. We employ commercially reasonable security measures to protect data and seek to do business with companies which do the same, but we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from our Website, and are not responsible for the actions of any third parties that may receive any such information.  
0 	Making corrections to your information   Upon request, you may review all information that we maintain in your record, including unique identifier , contact information (name, address, phone number, e-mail), or any other information we may keep in your record.   You may also request that inaccuracies be corrected in any information that we maintain in your record.   Submit your request by e-mailing circulation@tulsaworld.com.  
0 	Associated Press   We participate in the News Registry, a service operated by the NewsRight, LLC (NewsRight). The News Registry collects content usage information and may use cookies in conjunction with this activity. Your continued readership of the Site means you accept the privacy policy of the NewsRight News Registry. Please refer to the NewsRight News Registry privacy policy at http://www.newsregistry.com/privacycenter/servicepolicy.aspx for further information.  
0 	Contacting Tulsaworld.com   If you have any questions about our privacy policy or the privacy practices of this site, please contact us at tulsaworld.com/site/contact.html.   You may telephone us at (918) 582-0921. You may write to us at:   Tulsa World, 315 S. Boulder Ave., Tulsa, OK 74103  
0 	Refunds   Tulsa World will charge a $5 processing fee for refunds remitted to the customer.
0 	 PRIVACY POLICY    This policy describes the privacy practices of MediaNews Group, Inc., and MediaNews Group Interactive, Inc. and MediaNews Group affiliates, collectively referred to herein as MediaNews. This Privacy Policy is applicable only to the MediaNews Web sites (Web site(s)) and does not apply to the print versions of any of the MediaNews publications. This policy does not apply to any third party web sites or to companies or persons not controlled by, affiliated with or managed by MediaNews and applies only to information collected by MediaNews on the MediaNews Web sites and not to information disclosed, obtained or used by MediaNews through other means. MediaNews may provide links to unaffiliated web sites for which this privacy policy does not apply. If you are unsure whether a web site is controlled, affiliated or managed by MediaNews, we recommend that you review the privacy policy at each linked web site to determine how that site treats your personal information.  
0 	MediaNews may change this privacy policy from time to time. The revised policy will be posted on the MediaNews Web site. Please check this page periodically for changes.  
1 	 INFORMATION COLLECTED     Personally Identifying Information (PIN)    The Personally Identifying Information (PIN) gathered by MediaNews on MediaNews Web sites generally includes, e-mail address, password, zip code, age, gender and whether you are a print subscriber, but may also include your name (and/or company name), street address, and date of birth, phone numbers, and credit card numbers or other billing information where necessary to contact you or to process your Web site purchases. MediaNews may also collect information such as household income, job title, personal interests and hobbies. The PIN collected depends on the page you are visiting and the services that you participate in.  
1 	 Web Site User Registration:  User registration is required to access the majority of content, services and features on MediaNews Web sites. Upon registration, we require you provide your email address or your first name as a username and a password that will allow you to change your PIN as needed. User registration with MediaNews Web sites is completed and membership activated upon clicking a link e-mailed to the address provided in registration. At that time you have the opportunity to opt-in to e-mail newsletters and alerts and have e-mail offers sent to you on behalf of MediaNews advertisers, however, you can update your preferences at a later time.  
1 	 Web Site Sites & Products:  Your PIN as well as a telephone number, credit card number or other billing information is generally collected in order to process the purchase of services or products on the MediaNews Web sites, such as purchasing a newspaper subscription or placing an ad. Your PIN will also be collected upon registration for home delivery requests, vacation delivery stop requests and other similar requests as well as upon the use or download of software available on MediaNews Web sites.  
1 	 Sweepstakes, Contests, Promotions, Special Offers:  MediaNews may request additional PIN from you upon your optional entry in any sweepstakes, contests, promotions or special offers found on MediaNews Web sites.  
1 	 Feedback, Commentary, Surveys, Message Boards, Chat Rooms:  Those Web site users that choose to provide feedback or commentary, fill out surveys, engage in MediaNews chat rooms or use MediaNews message boards may be required to provide additional PIN such as demographic information, household/personal characteristics and purchase behavior.   If such information is gathered for a MediaNews survey, no PIN is released and is reported or used only in aggregate form.   Some chat room and message board forums may require registration and the sharing of PIN. Any information disclosed in chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups becomes public information. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in public forums.  
1 	 Forwarding:  Forwarding an article found on a MediaNews Web site generally requires that you disclose the name and e-mail address of the person to whom you are forwarding the article. MediaNews will retain this information only to provide the forwarding services.  
0 	 Special Circumstances:  MediaNews may disclose and use the information collected where required to do so by law, or where MediaNews, in good faith, believes the use or disclosure of the information collected is necessary to (1) comply with the law or legal processes; (2) protect and defend MediaNews rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of any MediaNews Web site; or to (4) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public. MediaNews may also use the information collected when, in its sole discretion, it believes necessary or appropriate in connection with a sale or transfer of some or all of MediaNews' assets in our Web site.  
1 	 Computer Identifying Information (CIN)    The information personal to your computer and your computer use that is automatically collected through the use of electronic tools is referred to as Computer Identifying Information (CIN). The CIN gathered by MediaNews generally includes cookies, specific Web site page requests, the domain name (e.g., www.medianewsgroup.com) and Internet Provider (e.g., Comcast, American Online, NetZero) from which you access the Internet, the Internet Protocol address of your computer, the browser software (e.g. Internet Explorer or Netscape) and operating system (e.g., Windows XP, 2000, OS/2 or MacOS) you are using, your geographic location, the time and date you accessed the site, and the Internet address you visited prior to visiting the site.  
1 	 Cookies and Web Beacons:  Cookies are used to store and track information about you. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from Web sites and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies are used to deliver targeted advertising based on your behavior and demographics and to track your entries in promotions and contests. Cookies may be linked to PIN. In addition, MediaNews uses web beacons provided by third-party advertising companies to help manage our online advertising. Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits a MediaNews Web site, and to learn which banner ads bring users to MediaNews Web sites. MediaNews websites have two third-party web advertising companies, Yahoo! and DoubleClick, which may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. Yahoo! also may use information regarding its own users to select which ads to display. Click here to learn more about Yahoo!'s ad practices, including how to opt out of using anonymous information to select which ads to show you. For more information about DoubleClick, cookies, and how to opt-out, please click here.  
1 	 Internet Protocol (IP) Address:  An IP address is your computer's location on the Internet. MediaNews Web sites log IP addresses for systems administration and trouble shooting purposes, to gather demographic and other information about you and to link information about a user's computer session to PIN.  
0 	 Aggregate information:  Aggregate information is user information not linked to PIN.  
1 	 USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED    In general, MediaNews uses your PIN and CIN that is collected to administer the MediaNews Web sites and to provide services you request. When you provide PIN information and access MediaNews Web sites, you are sharing PIN and CIN with MediaNews and MediaNews Group affiliates and MediaNews reserves the right to use and disclose the PIN and CIN it collects. If you do not want to share your PIN, do not provide it. If you do not want to share CIN, do not access MediaNews Web sites. In addition, MediaNews may share PIN, CIN and/or aggregate information with third parties such as advertisers and business partners. PIN and CIN may also be used to perform statistical, demographic and marketing analysis of subscribers and their subscribing and purchasing patterns, to target advertisements and to help diagnose problems with our services and our Web sites. For example, MediaNews uses or may use the PIN and CIN collected to do the following:  
1 	 Web Site Use & Registration:  MediaNews uses PIN and CIN that is collected to fulfill subscriptions, change addresses, suspend delivery, confirm and process transactions and to contact the user regarding his or her account, new or existing products and services and special offers.  
1 	 Personalization:  MediaNews uses PIN and CIN that is collected to personalize the content and advertising that users see based on personal characteristics and preferences, enhance products and services and develop new products and services, and share user information with select advertisers or other third parties whose products or services may be of interest to you.  
0 	 Advertising & Third Parties:  MediaNews may share PIN and CIN that is collected with third parties hired to perform services on our behalf, including, but not limited to, fulfilling subscription requests, sending e-mails and assisting in the provision of the MediaNews Web sites and services. The ads appearing on MediaNews Web sites are delivered to you by Yahoo! and DoubleClick, our third party web advertising company's. Information about your visits to this site, such as the number of times you have viewed an ad and other information is used to serve ads to you. A MediaNews Group affiliates participates in the APT from Yahoo! platform and Yahoo! is an ad network partner to display ads on our sites. Yahoo! is an ad network partner that displays ads on MediaNews websites. To improve your ad experience on MediaNews websites and elsewhere on the Internet, we may send non-personal information to Yahoo! based on your browser's activities, such as type of pages viewed and categories of interests, so that the advertising you see is relevant to you. Yahoo! also may use information regarding its own users to select which ads to display. Click here to learn more about Yahoo!'s ad practices, including how to opt out of using anonymous information to select which ads to show you. Yahoo! is an ad network partner that displays ads on MediaNews Web sites. To improve your ad experience on MediaNews Web sites and elsewhere on the Internet, we may send non-personal information to Yahoo! based on your browser's activities, such as type of pages viewed and categories of interests, so that the advertising you see is relevant to you. Yahoo! also may use information regarding its own users to select which ads to display. Click here to learn more about Yahoo!'s ad practices, including how to opt out of using anonymous information to select which ads to show you.  
1 	 Program & Product Offerings:  MediaNews may use the PIN and CIN that is collected in order to offer you the opportunity to receive information and offers about products or services from our business partners or third parties. In some cases, MediaNews Group, Inc., MediaNews Group Interactive, Inc. or MediaNews Group affiliates, are affiliates of the CareerBuilder online careers service. Through the cooperative relationship with CareerBuilder, we are able to provide you with access to the CareerBuilder products and services through a co-branded CareerBuilder site. Because of this relationship, CareerBuilder requests that we post the following language regarding our co-branded CareerBuilder site in our privacy policy: "You may have arrived at this Web site by following a link from a CareerBuilder newspaper affiliate or other affiliate. If so, please be aware that CareerBuilder may share your information with that affiliate and the affiliate may use the information consistent with its privacy policy instead of this one." MediaNews Group, Inc., MediaNews Group Interactive, Inc. or MediaNews Group affiliates may buy or sell various assets. In the event that MediaNews Group, Inc., MediaNews Group Interactive, Inc. or MediaNews Group affiliates sells some or all of its assets, or another company acquires one or more of its Web sites, information on users may be among the transferred assets.   
0 	 OPTING-OUT    If you do not wish to share your PIN, you always have the option to not provide the information or use the MediaNews Web sites that require it.   Opting-Out If you are a current MediaNews registered Web site user or would like to become one, but do not want your PIN shared with third parties or do not want to receive promotion and/or marketing information about other products, services and offerings from MediaNews and/or any third parties, please review the following:  
0 	 Third Party Opt-Out:  If, at any time, you do not want us to share your information with third parties who wish to send you information about their products and services, you may opt-out of such messages by going to the "Manage an Account" page and simply unclicking an opt-in box or you may email us at privacycoordinator@medianewsgroup.com or write to us at: Privacy Coordinator, MediaNews Group Interactive, 101 W. Colfax Ave., Suite 950, Denver, CO 80202.   If you choose to opt-out via email, please put THIRD PARTY OPT-OUT in the subject line, along with the name of the applicable site.  
0 	 MediaNews Opt-Out:  If, at any time, you do not want to receive information about special offers and new products and features from MediaNews, you may opt-out of such messages by going to the "Manage an Account" page and simply unclicking an opt-in box or you may e-mail us at privacycoordinator@medianewsgroup.com or write to us at: Privacy Coordinator, MediaNews Group Interactive, 101 W. Colfax Ave., Suite 950, Denver, CO 80202. Please reference the name of the applicable site.   If you choose to opt-out via email, please put MEDIANEWS OPT-OUT in the subject line.  
0 	 Opt-Out Exception:  Even if the registered user chooses to opt-out of receiving e-mails from both MediaNews and third parties, MediaNews reserves the right to contact a registered user regarding account status, changes to this policy, the terms of use, license agreements and other matters relevant to the use of the MediaNews Web sites, services or software provided through the Web sites and/or the information collected.  
0 	 Review & Update Your PIN    A registered user of MediaNews Web sites may review and change his or her PIN and/or e-mail preferences by clicking on the Manage Account link after signing in. A registered user may also review and request an update of the PIN and/or e-mail preferences which he or she provided to MediaNews at any time by e-mailing us at privacycoordinator@medianewsgroup.com or write to us at: Privacy Coordinator, MediaNews Group Interactive, 101 W. Colfax Ave., Suite 950, Denver, CO 80202. Please include the name of the applicable site.  
0 	 SECURITY    MediaNews uses procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access to the information collected on the MediaNews Web sites. Although such protective measures have been put in place, MediaNews cannot ensure that the information collected will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.  
0 	 CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS    Under California law, California residents may request once a year, free of charge, certain information regarding MediaNews' disclosure of personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to us at: Privacy Coordinator, MediaNews Group Interactive, 101 W. Colfax Ave., Suite 950, Denver, CO 80202.   Please include the name and the address to which you would like us to respond, along with the name of the applicable site.  
0 	 DO NOT TRACK:  MNG currently does not support Do Not Track browser settings and does not currently participate in any Do Not Track frameworks that would allow us to respond to signals or other mechanism from you regarding the collection of information, including PIN or CIN. As Industry standards evolve and develop, we will continue to evaluate this position. As previously stated in the INFORMATION COLLECTED section above, other parties, particularly third party advertising networks, also collect information.  
0 	 PRIVACY COORDINATOR    If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please contact the Privacy Coordinator using the contact information provided below. Please reference the name of the applicable site. Privacy Coordinator MediaNews Group, Interactive 101 W. Colfax Ave., Suite 950 Denver, CO 80202 privacycoordinator@medianewsgroup.com (303) 563-6401  
0 	 CHILDREN'S PRIVACY POLICY    This policy describes the privacy practices of MediaNews Group, Inc. and MediaNews Group Interactive, Inc., as well as MediaNews Group affiliates (MediaNews) relating to information collected from children. This privacy policy does not apply to third party web sites, or to companies and persons that are not controlled by, affiliated with or managed by MediaNews. For most MediaNews Web sites, MediaNews does not knowingly collect information from children under 13 years of age. In the event that MediaNews collects information from children under 13 years of age, this Children's Privacy Policy shall apply.  
0 	 INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM CHILDREN    MediaNews does not ask children to disclose more personal information than is necessary for them to participate in a particular activity. We urge children to check with their parents before entering information on any web site and we urge parents to discuss with their children restrictions regarding the online release of personal information. MediaNews limits its collection of information from children to what is known as non-personally identifiable information (e.g. first name, screen names, age, gender, city, state, zip code and country of residence). This information is collected so children can participate in activities (e.g. completing polls or online surveys, posting jokes, book reviews, movie reviews, toy reviews, video reviews, concert reviews, game reviews, artwork or questions/comments online, or playing online games) without giving unnecessary personal information. From time to time, however, we may request personally identifiable information (e.g. child's email address and/or parent's or guardian's email address), as explained below, in order to conduct online contests or sweepstakes, email newsletters and offers, provide subscriptions, participate in chat rooms and message boards, or offer other online activities. MediaNews does not and cannot condition a child's participation in any of our online activities on the disclosure of more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity. Information is collected actively, such as through registration forms, and passively, such as through cookies.  
0 	 USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN    MediaNews occasionally offers contest and sweepstakes, which may be entered online. When a child under thirteen 13 enters a contest or sweepstakes, or participates in another activity that requires the use of personal information, we will ask for a parent's email address so that we can notify the parent of the child's participation, obtain the parent's consent and give the parent the option to have the child's information deleted. All of the child's personal information collected by MediaNews is securely maintained and used only for the specified purpose such as conducting the contest or sweepstakes and awarding prizes. MediaNews does not keep any of the child's personal information after the particular event is completed. Sometimes, MediaNews uses agents or contractors to provide services that support the internal operations of the site, such as helping us conduct a sweepstakes or sending prizes to winners. In these cases, MediaNews requires the agent or contractor to maintain the confidentiality, security and integrity of the information and limit use to the specific services they are performing on our behalf.   MediaNews may disclose information maintained as required by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. MediaNews may also disclose such information in response to a specific law enforcement agency's request. Personal information is not disclosed to third parties except those who provide support for the internal operations of the site. Parents can consent to the collection and use of their child's personal information without consenting to the disclosure of the information to third parties.  
0 	 PARENTAL ACCESS    MediaNews Group and MediaNews Group affiliates are the operators collecting information at this web site. Please send an email or letter to our Privacy Coordinator at the email or mailing address provided below if you would like to do any of the following:   Access personally identifiable information that MediaNews has collected from your child,   Correct factual errors in such information,   Request to have this information deleted, or   Request that we no longer collect or maintain such information about your child.  
0 	Please include your email address and telephone number where we can reach you. MediaNews takes steps to verify the identity of anyone requesting information about a child to ensure that the person is in fact the child's parent or legal guardian.  
0 	MediaNews may change this privacy policy from time to time. The revised policy will be posted on the MediaNews Web site. Please check this page periodically for changes. If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our privacy policy and/or practices, please contact the Privacy Coordinator using the contact information provided below. Please reference the applicable site. Privacy Coordinator MediaNews Group, Interactive 101 W. Colfax Ave., Suite 950 Denver, CO 80202 privacycoordinator@medianewsgroup.com (303) 563-6401
0 	Privacy Policy  
0 	Last updated: August 26, 2014  
0 	Our Commitment to Privacy   Hat World values your time, respects your privacy, and seeks to earn your trust.  
1 	We collect information about you in our stores and through the Sites ( lids.com, lids.ca and hatworld.com) in an effort to improve your shopping experience and to tell you about our products, services, contests and promotions. Your trust is essential to us, and we are not in the business of selling or renting information about our customers to others. As described in this policy, we may share your information among our brands and, under certain circumstances, with third parties that provide services on our behalf or with whom we have partnered to offer a particular product or service.  
0 	In line with these values, our privacy policy may change from time to time. If it does, we will post an updated policy on the Sites and change the "last updated" line above. If we make significant changes to the policy, we will provide appropriate notice to you.  
0 	If you have any unanswered questions about our privacy policy, click here to reach our Privacy Officer.  
1 	What kind of personal information does Hat World collect-   We may collect personal information from you, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, purchase history, credit card number, gender, birthday, and personal interests, when you visit one of the Sites or stores, place an order online or by phone, make an in-store purchase, save your information with us online, return an item to a store, contact us with a question or concern, participate in a contest, promotion, or survey, or communicate with us in any other way.  
1 	We may occasionally collect an individual's IP address to help identify an individual, gather broad demographic information about users of the Sites, diagnose problems with our systems, and administer the Sites.  
1 	How does Hat World collect this information-   We receive and store any information from your visits to our Sites or that you give us in any other way.  
1 	As is true of most web sites, we gather and store certain information automatically, including Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser types, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and click stream data. This information does not identify individual users, and is used to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.  
1 	To do this, we use 'cookies' or alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits. We use a third-party service provider to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on the Sites. This provider may collect anonymous information about your visits to the Sites and may also use information about your visits to this and other Web sites to refine our services. If you are concerned about cookies, the "help", "options" or "preferences" functions on most browsers will allow to limit or disable cookies altogether. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of our interactive features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.  
0 	Currently, our Sites do not respond to "Do Not Track" signals from your browser.  
1 	We may also collect anonymous information about your interactions with us through the use of pixel tags (also called "web beacons" or "clear gifs"), which are tiny graphic images on the Sites and in our emails. Pixel tags are now standard in the industry and help to us analyze our customers' online behavior and measure the effectiveness of our Sites and our advertising. A third-party service provider also helps us in our use of these tools.  
1 	To ensure we are sending our emails to the right address, we may receive a confirmation when you open email from us if your computer supports such capabilities.  
1 	Last, to provide customer service, we might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. We also sometimes receive address information from these sources to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily.  
0 	Any personal information that we collect will be stored in secure servers hosted in the U.S. or Canada. We will correct such information whenever possible and delete stale information on an ongoing basis and are very happy to hear from you to ensure that our information is as complete and accurate as possible.  
1 	How does Hat World use your personal information-   The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and improve your shopping experience. In particular, by using the Sites, you agree that we may use your personal information in the following ways:     To process and fulfill your order, including sending you email to confirm your order status and shipment.    To communicate with you, to send you information about our products, services, contests, and promotions, and to send offers to selected groups of customers on behalf of other businesses. When we send you offer on behalf of other businesses, we never give that business your name and address. If you do not wish to receive such offers, please let us know, and we will place you on a "do not contact" list.    To administer contests and other promotions.    To help us learn more about your shopping preferences so that we can customize future shopping for you, improve our stores, and tailor offers and promotions to you.    To help us address problems with and improve our site design, products and services.    To enhance your shopping experience.    To administer our loyalty programs.    To process merchandise returns.    To analyze trends and statistics.    To correct our records and make it easier to deliver your next purchase or communication more easily.    To protect the security and integrity of the Sites and our business.    To respond to your requests and to contact you if necessary.    For customer service purposes, such as contacting customers who have not checked out to follow up on abandoned shopping carts or to see if there was a problem with their use of our Sites.  
0 	If you have questions or concerns about how we use personal information, please contact us as indicated below.  
0 	Does Hat World share personal information about me-   By using the Sites, you agree that we may share your personal information in the following ways:     When you provide personal information to one of our retail stores or affiliates, we may share that information with our other retail stores or affiliates in the United States or Canada.    We may share information about you with our service providers who manage our customer information and perform services on our behalf, such as fulfilling promotions, sending communications to our customers, validating addresses, and conducting surveys.    We may share information about you when we team up with another company to offer or provide products, services, contests, or promotions to our customers.    We may share personal information about you to address a security, integrity, or legal threat to the Sites or our business, including for fraud protection and credit risk reduction, to protect the legal rights, privacy or safety of Hat World or our employees, agents and contractors, to enforce our terms of use, to respond to inquiries or requests from government or public authorities in any country in which we operate, including the U.S. and Canada, or to comply with the law or legal process.  
0 	We employ other companies and individuals as agents to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include delivering packages, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service.  
0 	Whenever we share personal information with our agents, we restrict their access to only that information needed to perform their functions, demand that they provide a comparable level of protection for personal information, and require that they not use it for other purposes.  
0 	In addition, if you choose to participate in any loyalty program in which Hat World participates, such as LIDS Club, and you authorize Hat World to provide information about purchases you make to the company administering the program, we will share personal information about you with that company. Loyalty programs allow you to obtain discounts on purchases at our stores, special member-only offers, and VIP access to new product releases and the hottest trends. The information you authorize us to disclose may include your credit card number and the date and amount of your purchase, and may also include your name and other information you have asked us to provide. Please note that once we disclose this information, the company administering the loyalty program may use and share it with others in accordance with its own privacy policy. You should review these policies carefully, as we have no control over them.  
0 	How does Hat World keep your information secure-   Hat World is always striving to ensure you a safe and convenient online experience. This goes beyond our technologies to include physical, contractual, and managerial safeguards to protect your personal information.  
0 	We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Thawte Certified Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.  
0 	Security lies in your hands as well. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.  
0 	What is "phishing"-   "Phishing" is a scam where fraudsters pretend that they represent well-known companies to steal your personal information. If you receive an email claiming to be from Hat World that asks you for your personal information, do not respond. We will never request your password, user name, credit card information or other personal information through email.  
0 	How do I access or change my personal information-   You can access, add or update certain information in the " My Account" section of the Sites, including order tracking and account information. When you update information, your old information is replaced by your new information.  
0 	You can ask us to change or update other personal information about you by clicking here to reach our Privacy Officer. Any request to update personal information may take up to 10 days for your email request and 6-8 weeks for your postal mail request.  
0 	You can unsubscribe or change your subscription to any of our Personal Notification Services at any time.  
0 	How can I control your use of my personal information-   We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive promotional information from one or more of our brands, please let us know by making a written request to our Privacy Officer.  
0 	In any such request, please provide us with your full name and the email address you used when you registered with or made a purchase from us. If you ask us to remove your name and address from promotional lists, we will maintain your name in a "do not contact" file to ensure that we can honor your request. It may take up to 10 days to process your email request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request, during which transition period you may continue to receive communications from us.  
0 	To change your mind, simply contact our Privacy Officer or sign up again when you visit the Sites or our stores.  
0 	If you have questions or concerns about how we use personal information about you or if you would prefer that we delete or suppress information we have about you, please click here to reach our Privacy Officer, and we will do our best to meet your concerns.  
0 	How does Hat World protect kids' privacy-   Hat World is concerned about the privacy and safety of children when they use the Internet. We will never knowingly request personally identifiable information online from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. The Sites are general audience sites and are not targeted to or intended for use by children.  
0 	To carry this promise through, we do not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use the Sites only with involvement of a parent or guardian.  
0 	What about links to other web sites-   The Sites may contain links to third-party web sites. All such sites are independent from the Sites and from Hat World. Hat World has no control over and expressly disclaims any liability for such sites or their contents. Our links do not constitute an express or implied adoption or endorsement of anything contained in the other sites. Any transactions that take place between you and the third party are directly with the third party and Hat World will not be held responsible for any loss or damage that you may incur as a consequence thereto. Please read the privacy policies and terms and conditions posted on these other sites before using the sites or disclosing any personal information to the sites. If you decide to access any of these sites, you do so entirely at your own risk.  
0 	Your California Privacy Rights   California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Hat World who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please click here to reach our Privacy Officer.  
0 	How do I contact you-   To reach us with any questions or requests about customer care or our privacy policy, you can contact us by email, telephone, or postal mail:    US CANADA    Hat World   Attn: Privacy Officer   7555 Woodland Dr   Indianapolis, IN 46278   1-888-564-4287
0 	SPORTS REFERENCE LLC - Privacy Statement  
0 	A combination of sites providing top-notch statistics and resources for sports fans everywhere.  
0 	This Privacy Statement sets forth the information-gathering, use, and dissemination practices of Sports Reference LLC, its subsidiaries, and affiliates (collectively referred to as "SRL") in connection with the World Wide Web sites located at www.sports-reference.com, www.baseball-reference.com, www.pro-football-reference.com, www.basketball-reference.com, hockey-reference.com, www.baseballbooks.net, and all other Web sites owned or operated by SRL (the "Site"). This Privacy Statement addresses SRL's practices regarding information collected only directly through or from the Site - it does not address or govern any information gathering, use, or dissemination practices related to information collected other than directly through or from the Site, including, without limitation, from or via telephone, facsimile, postal mail, personal delivery, or other or additional offline means or media. SRL can be contacted by mail, phone, facsimile, or by e-mail at SRL, as provided in Paragraph 3 of this Privacy Statement.  
1 	1. Collection of Personal Information from Site Visitors   SRL may collect or track (1) the home server domain names, e-mail addresses, type of client computer, files downloaded, search engine used, operating system, and type of Web browser of visitors to the Site, (2) the e-mail addresses of visitors that communicate with SRL via e-mail, (3) information knowingly provided by the visitor in online forms, registration forms, surveys, e-mail, contest entries, and other online avenues (including, without limitation, demographic and personal profile data), and (4) aggregate and user-specific information regarding which pages Site visitors access.  
1 	SRL may place Internet "cookies" on visitors' hard drives. Internet cookies save data about individual visitors, such as the visitor's name, password, user-name, shopping cart, screen preferences, and the pages of the Site viewed by the visitor. When the visitor revisits the Site, SRL may recognize the visitor by the Internet cookie and customize the visitor's experience accordingly, for example, in pre-filling forms. Visitors may decline or remove Internet cookies, if any, by using the appropriate feature of their Web client software, if available.  
1 	SRL also may use Web bugs to gather, store, and track certain information related to your visit to and activity on the Site. A Web bug is a file object, which can be a graphic image such as a transparent one pixel-by-one pixel graphics file, which is placed on a Web page or in an e-mail message to monitor user activity. A Web bug can gather, for example, the IP address of your computer, the time the Web page was viewed, and the type of browser used.  
1 	When a visitor performs a search within the Site, SRL may record information identifying the visitor or linking the visitor to the search performed. SRL may also record limited information for every search request and use that information to solve technical problems with the services available directly or indirectly in connection with the Site, and to calculate overall usage statistics.  
0 	2. Payment Information   We use third-party payment service providers such as Amazon.com ( Privacy Policy), Stripe.com ( Privacy Policy), and PayPal ( Privacy Policy) to handle any monetary transactions. SRL does not store any of your private payment information provided by you directly to these service providers.  
0 	3. Comments, Notices and Chat   Rooms Comments posted to any of our Web pages are public. All other notices sent to SRL should use the following address or contact information:   Sports Reference LLC   6757 Greene St, Suite 315   Philadelphia, PA 19119   Fax 800-660-5292   Phone 888=512-8907   sf@sports-reference.com  
0 	With respect to chat rooms, SRL does not, and is not obligated to, monitor or review any areas on the Site, or the content therein, where users transmit or post communications or communicate with each other regarding SRL or Content (see Terms and Conditions) on the Site, including but not limited to, communications in chat rooms, bulletin boards or other user forums. As such, SRL assumes no liability for the accuracy of such information, no duty to update or correct such information, and no liability for such communications arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise.  
1 	4. Use of Personal Data Collected Personal data collected by SRL may be used by SRL for many reasons, for example, for editorial and feedback purposes, for marketing and promotional purposes, for a statistical analysis of users' behavior, for product development, for content improvement, for fulfillment of a requested transaction or record-keeping, or to customize the content and layout of the Site. Aggregate data on visitors' home servers may be used for internal purposes, and individually identifying information, such as names, postal and e-mail addresses, phone numbers, and other personal information which visitors voluntarily provide to SRL may be added to SRL's databases and used for future calls and mailings regarding Site updates, new products and services, and upcoming events.  
0 	With respect to visitor e-mail addresses, we allow users to post their e-mail address on comments or in sponsorships, in the event that they wish to allow others to reach them easily. Visitor e-mail addresses from comments are not used by SRL to generate mailing lists.  
1 	SRL also may use Site visitor data to contact the Site visitors regarding account status and changes to the Terms and Conditions, any subscriber agreement, this Privacy Statement, and any other policies or agreements relevant to Site visitors.  
0 	5. Disclosure of Personal Data to Third Parties Subject to the limitations of Paragraph 4, aggregate data on visitors' home servers may be provided to third parties such as marketing firms.  
0 	Identifiable and non-identifiable visitor information and data which visitors provide to SRL may be provided to third parties who provide products, information, or services which SRL believes that visitors may be interested in directly or indirectly purchasing or obtaining. Identifiable or non-identifiable data also may be disclosed or distributed to another party with which SRL enters or reasonably may enter into a corporate transaction, such as, for example, a merger, consolidation, acquisition, or asset purchase, or to a third party pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other form of legal process, in response to a request by or on behalf of any local, state, federal, or other government agency, department, or body, whether or not pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other form of legal process, or if determined by SRL in its sole judgment that such disclosure or distribution is appropriate to protect the life, health, security, or property of SRL or any other person or entity.  
0 	While SRL will undertake efforts to see that any third party to which SRL shares, rents, sells, or otherwise discloses personal data is under a contractual obligation to use the personal data solely for the purposes for which the data was disclosed, such third parties are independent third parties over which SRL exercises no control, and SRL is not responsible for their conduct, actions, omissions, or information handling or dissemination practices and SRL will not be liable therefor.  
0 	This Site may contain links to other World Wide Web sites or advertisements for or placed by third parties. SRL is not responsible for the privacy practices of such Web sites, advertisers, or third parties, or for the content of such sites or advertisements. It is possible that these links or advertisements, themselves, may be used by third parties or others to collect personal or other information about Site visitors. It is solely the visitor's obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other Web sites and of these advertisers and third parties.  
0 	6. Security Measures   SRL has implemented numerous security features to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to personal information. For example, SRL: undertakes all efforts to maintain a secure server; does not store any user credit card information; and requires employees and service providers who work for or with SRL to sign confidentiality and security contracts restricting their use of any data related to user information. Please be advised, however, that the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from SRL via this Site or e-mail cannot be guaranteed. Accordingly, SRL is not responsible for the security of information transmitted via the Internet. Instead of communicating with SRL via e-mail or the Internet, visitors can contact SRL by mail, phone, or facsimile, as provided in Paragraph 3 of this Privacy Statement.  
0 	7. Opt-Out Right   Except as necessary for SRL to provide the services, information, or products requested by a visitor, the visitor may opt out of having his or her personally identifiable information, which has been voluntarily provided to SRL through an account registration, customer order, or electronic news or information subscription, prospectively retained by SRL, used by SRL for secondary purposes, or disclosed by SRL to third parties by contacting SRL via postal mail, e-mail, or facsimile at the addresses set out above. (This does not apply to collection of the type of Web browser of the visitor to the Site or to information provided or collected that does not meet the above description.) By way of illustration, you have the option to remove your name from any of our mailing lists at any time.  
0 	8. Access to and Ability to Correct Personal Data   Upon a visitor's request via postal mail, e-mail, or facsimile, SRL will provide to the visitor a summary of any personally identifiable information retained by SRL regarding the visitor, which information has been voluntarily provided to SRL through an account registration, customer order, or electronic news or information subscription. A visitor may modify, correct, change or update their personally identifiable information by contacting SRL via postal mail, e-mail, facsimile, or telephone as provided in Paragraph 3 of this Privacy Statement.  
0 	9. Right to Change Privacy Statement   SRL may change this Privacy Statement at any time. Notice of any new or revised Privacy Statement, as well as the location of the new or revised statement, will be posted on the Site for at least 60 days after the change. It is the obligation of users visiting the Site to learn of changes to the Privacy Statement since their last visit. Any change to this Privacy Statement shall be effective as to all visitors once instituted, including as to any visitor who previously visited the Site before the change was made.   Effective Date: October 1, 2004   Updated: April 25, 2008   Last Updated: January 27, 2015
0 	Privacy Policy Effective Date: June 11, 2015   
0 	 1. Introduction    Fox Sports Digital ("FSD"), which is operated and controlled by Fox Networks Group, Inc., has developed this Privacy Policy to describe how we collect, use and disclose information from and about you. This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information collected through the sports-related websites (the "FSD Sites"), mobile sites, applications ("apps"), widgets, and other content and services that are linked to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the "FSD Services"), including the following FSD Sites: Foxsports.com, Foxsoccer.com, and SoonerSports.tv.  
0 	By providing personal information to us and using the FSD Services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. To see a list of our affiliated companies ("FSD Affiliates") click here.  
0 	As set forth in our Terms of Use, the FSD Services are for a general audience, are not targeted to children, and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age.  
0 	This Privacy Policy applies to all users, including both those who use some of the FSD Services without being registered for an FSD Service and those who have registered for one or more FSD Service. This Privacy Policy applies to FSD's collection and use of your personal information (i.e., information that identifies a specific person, such as full name or email address). It also describes generally FSD's practices for handling non-personal information (e.g., interests, demographics and services usage).  
1 	 2. Collection of Information    FSD and our service providers collect the following information from and about you:   Registration Information is the information you submit to register for our FSD Services, for example to create an FSD account, post comments, receive a newsletter or mobile alert, or enter a contest or sweepstakes. Registration Information may include, for example, name, email address, gender, zip code, birthday, and phone number.  
0 	Public Information and Posts consist of comments or content that you post to the FSD Services and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content, which may include a name, user name, comments, likes, status, profile information and picture. Public Information and Posts are always public, which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines.  
1 	Social Media Information and Content . If you access or log-in to an FSD Service through a third party social media service or another website, app, service or log-in ("Other Service"), or connect an FSD Service to Other Services, the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that Other Service, any information or content you have permitted the Other Service to share with us, such as your profile picture, email address or friends' lists, and any information you have made public in connection with that Other Service (collectively, "Social Media Information and Content"). When you access the FSD Services through Other Services, or when you connect an FSD Service to Other Services, you are authorizing FSD to collect, store, and use any and all Social Media Information and Content in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  
1 	Site Activity Information . When you access and interact with the FSD Services, FSD and our service providers may collect certain information about those visits. For example, in order to permit your connection to the FSD Services, our servers receive and record information about your computer, device and browser, including potentially your IP address, browser type, and other software or hardware information. If you access the FSD Services from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device, geolocation data (including your precise location), or other transactional information for that device in order to provide the FSD Services to it.  
1 	Cookies and other tracking technologies (such as browser cookies, pixels, beacons, and Adobe Flash technology including cookies), which are comprised of small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier, may also be used. Websites, apps, and other services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer or other device so the website, app or other service can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that website, app or other service. These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the FSD Services, such as pages you have visited, the videos and other content you have viewed, search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen. Cookies may also be used by us or by our service providers to collect and store information on your use of other companies' websites or services, such as sites you visit and materials you view. We may merge this with other data we collect about you from third parties to assist us in our ability to provide the Services, including, without limitation, to advertise and provide content to you. Our work in this respect is compliant with the Digital Advertising Alliance's Principles for the Self-Regulation of Online Behavioral Advertising. To learn more, visit www.aboutads.info/choices.  
0 	Third parties that support the FSD Services by serving advertisements or providing services, such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate FSD Service usage statistics, may also use these technologies to collect similar information when you use the FSD Services or third party service. FSD does not control these third party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies. For more information about third party ad networks and similar entities that use these technologies, see www.aboutads.info/consumers, and to opt-out of such ad networks' and services' advertising practices, go to www.aboutads.info/choices.  
0 	Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information (e.g., http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies). Users can manage the use of Flash technologies with the Flash management tools available at Adobe's website, see http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html. Please note that by blocking any or all cookies, you may not have access to certain features, content or personalization available through the FSD Services.  
1 	Information from Other Sources . To improve the quality of the FSD Services, FSD and our service providers may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources, such as publicly available information from social media services, commercially available sources and information from our FSD Affiliates or business partners.  
0 	Do Not Track Signals . At this time we do not respond to browser Do Not Track' signals, as we await the work of interested stakeholders and others to develop standards for how such signals should be interpreted.  
0 	 3. Notice and Choice    Means of Notice and Choice .   This Privacy Policy and your account settings are the primary means by which FSD provides you with notice and choice regarding its collection and use of your personal information.  
0 	Updates to Privacy Policy .   FSD may modify this Privacy Policy. Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the FSD Services.  
0 	Location of Data .   The FSD Services are hosted in and managed from the United States. If you are a user located outside the United States, you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States. United States data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction. This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above. As a result, please read this Privacy Policy with care.  
0 	Linked Services .   The FSD Services may also be linked to sites operated by unaffiliated companies, and may carry advertisements or offer content, functionality, games, newsletters, contests or sweepstakes, or applications developed and maintained by unaffiliated companies. FSD is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies and once you leave the FSD Services via a link, enable an unaffiliated service, or click an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the unaffiliated service.  
0 	In addition, FSD is not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of other organizations, such as Facebook, Tumblr, Twitter, Apple, Google, Microsoft or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer, including in connection with any information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the FSD Services.  
0 	Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Payment Service .   In some cases, we may use an unaffiliated payment service to allow you to purchase a product or make payments ("Payment Service"). If you wish to purchase a product or make a payment using a Payment Service, you will be directed to a Payment Service web page. Any information that you provide to a Payment Service will be subject to the applicable Payment Service's privacy policy, rather than this Privacy Policy. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, any Payment Service's use of information collected through any Payment Service.    4. Use and Disclosure    We use the personal information and other information we collect from and about you for the following purposes:  
1 	To provide and manage the FSD Services . We use the information we collect from and about you to provide the FSD Services and features to you, including to measure and improve those FSD Services and features, to improve and personalize your experience with both online and off-line FSD Services by delivering relevant content, advertising and marketing messages, to allow you to comment on content, participate in online games, contests, or rewards programs, to provide you with customer support, and to respond to inquiries. In order to provide you with content and advertising that is more interesting and relevant to you, we may use the information from and about you to make inferences and predictions about your potential areas of interest. We may also use aggregate or anonymous data about your use of and activity on the FSD Services to assist us in this regard.  
0 	To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the FSD Services . FSD may make your information we collect from and about you available to certain third party service providers, such as contractors, analytics and other measurement companies, agents or sponsors, who help us analyze and understand your use of the FSD Services, and manage and/or provide the FSD Services.  
0 	To Deliver Video Content. In the ordinary course of our business, we may share information that we collect from or about you with third parties in order to process your requests and fulfill your orders for video content offered through the FSD Services. For example, to process your request to view certain authenticated video content through the FSD Services, we may need to share information about you with your designated television content provider and/or our third party service providers in order to authenticate and/or authorize you to view authenticated and/or localized video content through the FSD Services.  
0 	To allow social sharing functionality.If you log-in with or connect your social media account to an FSD Service, we will share your social media user name, picture, and likes, as well as your activities and comments with other FSD Services' users and with your friends associated with your social media account. We will also share the same information with your social media account provider. By logging-in with or connecting your FSD Services account and your social media account, you are authorizing us to share information with your social media account provider, other users and your friends, and you understand that the social media service's use of the shared information will be governed by the social media site's privacy policy. If you do not want your information shared in this way, please do not connect your social media account with your FSD Services account and do not participate in social sharing on the FSD Services.  
0 	To provide co-branded services and features . We may offer co-branded services or features, such as contests, sweepstakes or other promotions together with a third party ("Co-Branded Services"). These Co-Branded Services may be hosted on FSD Services or on the third party's service. By virtue of these relationships, we may share the information you submit in connection with the Co-Branded Service with the third party. The third party's use of your information will be governed by the third party's privacy policy.  
1 	To deliver relevant advertisements. FSD and our service providers may use the information we collect from or about you, and information that our service providers collect from your use of other websites and services through cookies and other technologies, to assist us in delivering you relevant ads when you visit the FSD Services or Other Services. As noted above, these third party advertising networks and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information, inferred interests, aggregated information, and activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests. To find out more about third party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies, see www.aboutads.info, and to opt out of such advertising networks' and services' advertising practices, go to www.aboutads.info/choices.  
0 	To contact you . FSD may periodically send promotional materials (e.g., newsletters) or notifications related to the FSD Services to the email address you provided to us at registration or for your account. If you want to stop receiving promotional materials from an FSD Service, you can change your FSD account setting, or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email, or send an email to the applicable FSD Service email contact for "Privacy Policy matters" listed here. There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of, such as notifications of changes to the FSD Services or policies. If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications, you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app.  
0 	To share with our Affiliates . FSD may share your information with FSD Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. A link to a website that lists FSD Affiliates can be found at the beginning of this policy. Users who visit FSD Affiliates' services should still refer to their separate privacy policies, which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy.  
0 	To share with business partners . FSD may share your information with business partners to permit them to send you marketing communications, consistent with your choices.  
1 	To protect the rights of FSD and others . There may be instances when FSD may use or disclose your information without providing notice or choice, including situations where FSD has a good faith belief that such use or disclosure is necessary in order to: (i) protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of FSD, our FSD Affiliates or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements and our Terms of Use); (ii) protect the safety, privacy, and security of users of the FSD Services or members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; (iv) comply with the law or legal process; or (v) respond to requests from public and government authorities.  
0 	To complete a merger or sale of assets . If FSD sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business (including, without limitation, in connection with bankruptcy or a similar proceeding), FSD may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction.  
1 	When the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person, we may use that information for any purpose or share it with third parties.  
0 	 5. Security    FSD uses commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. However, no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information.  
0 	 6. User Access and Control    If you would like to access, review, correct, update, suppress, or otherwise limit our use of your personal information you have previously provided directly to us, you may contact us using the mechanisms provided below. In your request, please include your email address, name, address, and telephone number and specify clearly what information you would like to access, change, update and/or suppress. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.  
0 	You may request that we not share your personal information on a going-forward basis with FSD Affiliates or unaffiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes by sending an email to the applicable FSD Service email contact for "Disclosure Opt-out" listed here, with "Disclosure Opt-out" in the subject line and your full name, email address, postal address and specific FSD Service you have subscribed to in the body of the email. We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable.  
0 	 7. Data Retention    We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by applicable law.  
0 	Remember that even after you cancel your account, copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where, for example, you have shared information with Other Services. We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies. It is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints, contractual, financial or legal requirements. Because of the nature of caching technology, your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others, and there may be a delay in the removal of the content from elsewhere on the Internet and from search engines.  
0 	 8. Sensitive Information    We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive personal information (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the FSD Services or otherwise.  
0 	 9. Contact Us    If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please send an email to the applicable FSD Service email contact for "Privacy Policy matters" listed here or call (310) 369-1350.
0 	Privacy Policy   Last Modified: March 25, 2013  
0 	This is the privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") for LatinPost.com ("Site," "we," "us," or "our"). This Privacy Policy is intended to explain our privacy practices and covers the following areas:     When This Privacy Policy Applies.     U.S. Governing Law; Safe Harbor.     Collection and Use of Personal Information and Other Information (Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities).     Opting-out of Certain Uses of your Personal Information and Other Information (Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities).     Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities.     Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information and Other Information.     Reviewing, Updating or Deleting Certain Information.     Protection of Information.     Your California Privacy Rights.     Changes to this Privacy Policy and Notice.     Miscellaneous.  
0 	 1. When This Privacy Policy Applies.    This Privacy Policy applies whether you are accessing the Site via a personal computer, a mobile device or any other technology or devices now known or hereafter developed or discovered (each, a "Device") and whether you are accessing the Site as a registered user (if offered by the Site) or other user of the Site. This Privacy Policy governs only the Personal Information and Other Information (as those terms are defined below) collected by the Site and does not cover any such information collected in any other manner, the Parent Companies and/or any subsidiaries and affiliates of the Parent Companies (collectively, "Affiliates") or collected by any other company, unless specifically stated. We may from time to time, combine Information (as that term is defined below) with other information we collect from other sources, such as information received from our Parent Companies, Affiliates, marketing companies or Advertisers and, if we do so, our use of the resulting combined Information will be subject to this Privacy Policy.  
0 	This Privacy Policy will remain in full force and effect, even if your use of or participation in the Site or any particular service, feature, function or promotional activity offered through the Site terminates, expires, ceases, is suspended or deactivated for any reason. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not participate in the Site or any features, activities or services offered through the Site.  
0 	 2. U.S. Governing Law; Safe Harbor.    The Site is designed and targeted to U.S. audiences and is governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S. We make no representation that this Site is operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of, or governed by, other nations. By participating in our Site activities, you certify that you meet the age and other eligibility requirements for this Site as set forth in our Terms of Use Agreement. If you do not meet such age and other eligibility requirements, please discontinue using the Site immediately as your continued use of the Site indicates that you are agreeing to the collection, use, disclosure, management and storage of your Information as described in this Privacy Policy.  
0 	If you are located outside of the U.S., the European Economic Area and Switzerland, you use this Site at your own risk and initiative and you, not us, are responsible for compliance with any applicable local and national laws. If this Site is part of the Flux platform, by using this Site, participating in any Site activities, and/or providing us with your Personal Information and Other Information, you (i) consent to the transfer and/or processing of any Information you provide to the Site and to Flux, (ii) acknowledge that U.S. law may provide a lower standard of protection for personal data than the laws of your location and (iii) understand that this Site and Flux will collect, transfer, store, process and/or deal with your Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Flux Privacy Policy and U.S. law. Consequently, to the full extent permitted by law, you hereby waive any claims relating to the processing of your Personal Information or Other Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy that may arise under the laws and regulations that apply to you in or of any other country or jurisdiction.  
0 	 3. Collection and Use of Personal Information and Other Information (Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities).    When we use the term "Personal Information" we mean information that would allow someone to identify you or contact you, such as your full name, postal address, e-mail address or telephone number. When we use the term "Other Information", we mean any information other than Personal Information that may be collected about you (Personal Information and Other Information, together, the "Information").  
1 	 a. Information We Collect that You Provide Us.      i. User Registration. To the extent we offer user registration on the Site, to register as a member of the Site, you are required to select a user name and password (together, your "User ID") and may be required to also provide other Information, such as your email address and date of birth. Additional Information may be requested during the registration process (but not required).  
1 	  ii. In Connection with Certain Features and Functions. We may also provide you with access to certain features or functions that we may offer on the Site, such as the option to subscribe to a selection of free email newsletters and other periodic information, chat rooms, message boards, electronic mail services, messaging services, auctions, shopping, registration and member profile pages. To sign up for or participate in these features or functions, you may be required to provide us with certain Information about you in order for us to personalize and/or allow you to use such features and functions. For example, to sign up to receive email newsletters, you may be required to provide your email address, date of birth and zip code separate from any user registration. Further, for example, to the extent we offer such services, if you order any of our various Products (as defined in the Terms of Use Agreement), in addition to your name and contact information, we will also collect and may maintain your billing address, shipping address, Product selections, your credit card or other payment instrument information, your order number and information about your computer's internet address and website which may have referred or directed you to the Site (e.g., the referring URL). Your credit card or debit card number is collected via a secure transmission.  
1 	  iii. In Connection with Promotions such as Contests and Sweepstakes. There may be a separate registration process to enter Promotions such as contests and sweepstakes which may require the submission of all or some of the following: your first and last name, street address, city, state and zip code, email address, telephone number and date of birth. Additional Information may be requested depending on the specific Promotion, but submission of such Information may be optional. The Promotion's entry page and/or Rules will provide the specific requirements. You may also have the opportunity to opt-in to receive special Promotions or offers from our third party advertisers, sponsors or promotional partners ("Advertisers") as a result of your use of the Site in connection with many of these types of Promotions.  
1 	 b. Information Collected Through Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.    "Cookies" (which may be html files, Flash files or other technology) are text files that help store user preferences and activity. "Web beacons" (also known as image tags, gif or web bugs) are small pieces of code used to collect advertising data, such as counting page views, promotion views or advertising responses. The Site and/or third parties may use "cookies", "web beacons" and other similar tracking technologies (collectively, "Tracking Technologies") to collect Other Information automatically as you browse the Site and the web.  
1 	We use Tracking Technologies to help tailor our content, allow users to move between associated sites without logging into each site, understand Site and internet usage, improve or customize the content, offerings or advertisements on this Site, personalize your experience on this Site (for example, to recognize you by name when you return to the Site), understand your interactions with email messages (such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded), save your password in password-protected areas, save your online game or video player settings, enable you to use shopping carts on the Site, help us offer you products, programs or services that may be of interest to you, deliver relevant advertising, maintain and administer the Site and for other purposes described in the "Use of Information", "Other Information Collected by Us" section below. These Tracking Technologies collect "click stream" data and additional Other Information regarding your visits to the Site, such as your visits to the Site's webpages, use of our features, and purchasing history or preferences and may also collect your IP address or some other identifier unique to the Device you use to access the Site ("Identifier"). An Identifier is automatically assigned to any Device you use to access the Site. Your Personal Information is not collected as part of this process but we may associate Other Information collected by Tracking Technologies with Personal Information.  
1 	By visiting the Site, whether as a registered user or otherwise, you acknowledge, understand and hereby agree that you are giving us your consent to track your activities and your use of the Site through these Tracking Technologies and that we may use Tracking Technologies in the emails we send to you.  
0 	This Site may additionally use a variety of third party advertising networks, data exchanges, traffic measurement service providers, marketing analytics service providers and other third parties (collectively, "Third Party Advertising Service Providers") to, for example, serve advertisements on the Site, facilitate targeting of advertisements and/or measure and analyze advertising effectiveness and/or traffic on the Site ("Targeting Services"). These Third Party Advertising Service Providers may enable us to display advertisements based on your visits to the Site and other websites you have visited. Targeting Services enable us to, among other things, help deliver advertisements or other content to you for products and services that you might be interested in, to prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times and to conduct research regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to you.  
0 	These Third Party Advertising Service Providers do not have access to Tracking Technologies set by the Site except to the extent necessary to provide services to the Site. The Third Party Advertising Service Providers, as well as Advertisers, may themselves set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your Device if you choose to have Tracking Technologies enabled in your browser (or, for Flash cookies, if you have not removed them) and/or they may otherwise have access to Other Information about you.  
0 	 c. Use of Information.    As set forth in this Privacy Policy, we may share Information with our Parent Companies and Affiliates.  
1 	i. Personal Information. We, and/or our Parent Companies and Affiliates, use the Personal Information we collect from you in a variety of ways, including:  
1 	  Sending marketing and promotional e-mails or, subject to the "Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities" Section below, text messages offering the purchase of goods and/or services that may be of interest to users, whether those goods and/or services are provided by the Site, the Parent Companies, Affiliates or third parties (for example, we may send you an email about a product sold by a third party);  
1 	  Processing your registration with the Site, such as verifying that your e-mail address is active and valid;  
1 	  Contacting you regarding the administration of your account, any services, features or functions you have enrolled in or registered to use, any Promotions you have participated in or have entered, any goods and/or services or Products you have ordered or any other transactions you have undertaken with the Site;  
1 	  Allowing you to participate in the public areas and/or other features of the Site;  
1 	  Responding to your questions or other requests;  
1 	  Contacting you regarding your use of the Site, for informational purposes related to the Site or, in our discretion, regarding changes to the Site's policies;  
1 	  Improving the Site or our services and for internal business purposes;  
1 	  Tailoring your experience on the Site and/or otherwise customizing what you see when you visit the Site;  
1 	  Saving your User ID or other Personal Information, so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site;  
1 	  Otherwise to maintain and administer the Site and  
1 	  For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide the Personal Information.  
1 	ii. Other Information Collected by Us. We, and/or our Parent Companies and Affiliates, use the Other Information we collect from you in a variety of ways, including:     Keeping count of your return visits to the Site or our Parent Companies', Affiliates', Advertisers' or partners' sites;     Accumulating and reporting aggregate, statistical information in connection with the Site and user activity;     Determining which features, webpages, products and services users like best to, among other things, help us operate the Site, enhance and improve our services and the Site and display advertising and marketing information;     Preparing statistics reports;     Allowing you to participate in the public areas and/or other features of the Site;     Improving the Site or our services and for internal business purposes;     Tailoring your experience on the Site and/or otherwise customizing what you see when you visit the Site;     Saving certain Other Information for use on your return visits to the Site;     Otherwise to maintain and administer the Site     For the uses described for "Personal Information" above and     For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide the Other Information.  
0 	iii. Other Information Collected by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers. The use of Tracking Technologies by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers is within their control and not ours. Even if we have a relationship with the Third Party Advertising Service Provider or Advertiser, we do not control their websites or their policies and practices regarding your Information and you should be aware that different rules might apply to the collection, use or disclosure of your Information by third parties in connection with their advertisements or promotions and other sites you encounter on the Internet. This Privacy Policy does not cover any use of Information that a Third Party Advertising Service Provider or Advertiser may directly collect from you. Use of Third Party Advertising Service Providers' and Advertisers' Tracking Technologies is governed by the Third Party Advertising Service Providers' or Advertisers', as applicable, own specific privacy policies and not this Privacy Policy. However, please see " Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Your Personal Information and Other Information (Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities)" Section for more information on how to opt-out of the collection and/or use of Information collected by certain Third Party Advertising Service Providers.  
0 	 4. Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Your Personal Information and Other Information (Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities).     a. Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Personal Information.    i. In Connection with Marketing and Promotional E-mail and Offers. You may "opt-out" of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from us at any time by going to the Site's home page, logging in, clicking the "Account" link, to (1) deactivate your account or (2) change or edit your preferences. You may also use the opt-out mechanism that is contained in each such email. Please note that when you opt-out of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from us, you are not opting out of receiving newsletters from us that you have requested. Further, when you use the opt-out mechanism that is contained in an email, you are not opting out of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from other VMN brands. Please see Section 4.a.ii below for your newsletter options.  
0 	ii. In connection with Newsletters and other Editorial-based E-mails. To the extent the applicable Site offers newsletters or other editorial-based emails, to manage your newsletter preferences, you may click on the newsletter link provided in the footer of our website to select which newsletters you receive, follow the unsubscribe link in the applicable newsletter or unsubscribe through http://www.latinpost.com/site/unsubscribe_email. Please note that when you opt-out of receiving any or all newsletters and other editorial-based e-mails from us, you are not opting out of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from us. Please see Section 4.a.i above for your marketing and promotional e-mail options.  
0 	iii. In Connection with Wireless Marketing Services. See "Termination of Wireless Services by Users" under the "Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities" Section for more information on how you may unsubscribe from receiving text messages.  
0 	iv. Certain Continuing Rights Regardless of Opt-Outs. However, even if you exercise your opt-out rights above, we, or our Parent Companies or Affiliates, may continue to contact you for the other purposes described in the "Use of Information" Section above, such as for maintenance and administrative purposes.  
0 	 b. Opting-Out of Use of Certain Other Information Collected by Tracking Technologies.    i. Tracking Technologies Set By Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers. With respect to the Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers, you have a number of options:  
0 	  Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers may collect Other Information about you when you visit this Site to help identify products and services that may interest you and deliver advertising tailored to your interests.  
0 	  You can opt-out of the use of Other Information for these advertising purposes by two such Third Party Advertising Service Providers, Adobe AudienceManager (formerly known as Demdex) and DoubleClick/Google, by using those Third Party Advertising Service Providers' opt-out tools. You can access Adobe AudienceManager/Demdex's tool athttp://www.donottarget.com/ and DoubleClick's tool at http://www.google/com/intl/en/privacy/ads/ or as described in the next bullet point.  
0 	  We also may from time to time permit other Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers to collect Other Information on the Site. Some of these Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers may participate in the Network Advertising Initiative's Opt-Out Tool and/or the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. Please click on the links to these tools to learn more about your choices.  
0 	  Please note the following with respect to opting out:     The opt-out tools discussed above are "cookie based." This means that the tools rely on cookies to remember your choices with respect to the use of your information by the parties that offer you those choices. If you delete Tracking Technologies using the controls in your Web browser (a process described below) after opting out, you may have to opt out again to re-establish your opt-out preferences.     Opt-outs are "browser-specific." The opt-out preferences that you choose will apply only to the Web browser that you used when you selected these preferences. This means, for example, that if you opt-out while using Internet Explorer 9, this choice will not affect the use of Other Information collected by Tracking Technologies when you use Mozilla Firefox on the same Device. It also means that opting-out on one Device will not affect the use of Other Information by Tracking Technologies on other Devices that you may use to access the Site.    
0 	 PLEASE NOTE THAT THE USE AND STORAGE OF FLASH COOKIES TYPICALLY CANNOT BE CONTROLLED THROUGH YOUR BROWSER. PLEASE SEE BELOW FOR INFORMATION ON HOW TO MANAGE FLASH COOKIES.   
0 	ii. Tracking Technologies Set By the Site. With respect to the Tracking Technologies set by the Site, you have a number of options:  
0 	  You can prevent the use of certain Tracking Technologies (other than Flash cookies) by using the controls in your Web browser. To do so, you must:   Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the "Internet Options" sub-option of the "Tools" menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser's support feature; and     Disable future Tracking Technologies through the same browser controls. Additional information on enabling or disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser's support feature. (See the "help" section of your browser for more information.)    
0 	  You can choose to have the Device you use to access the Site warn you each time a cookie or most other Tracking Technologies is being set (other than Flash cookies), or you can choose to turn off such warnings. This is done through your browser on the Device you use to access the Site. Additional information on warnings and removal of warnings may be available through your browser's support feature.  
0 	This Site is committed to complying with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. Click here for more information about this Site and online behavioral advertising.  
0 	Some Device manufacturers may preset their browsers to block Tracking Technologies from websites other than those you visit directly and, if so, certain services or advertisements may not work for such Devices. Further, if you delete, reject, disable or turn off Tracking Technologies, you may not have access to certain features of the Site and some of our other services may not function properly.  
0 	iii. Flash Cookies. Please note that deleting, rejecting, disabling or turning off Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers and set by this Site through the above options will not remove Flash cookies. For more information about Flash cookies and how to remove them from your computer, please visit http://kb2.adobe.com/cps/526/52697ee8.html4.  
1 	 5. Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities.    Latin Post may provide users and viewers with the opportunity to register for special Promotions, services, news, programming and information delivered via text messaging and other wireless devices such as mobile phones and, in the event we do so, users are required to provide their consent to receive such information from Latin Post, either by registering on the Site or via their wireless device. Such services and promotional opportunities are provided by the Parent Companies and/or Affiliates for Latin Post. The Information requested as part of the online registration process may include a user's telephone number or a wireless email address, but only if specifically requested, and the carrier's name. Additional Information may be requested for specific Promotions, such as a user's preferences regarding goods or services, choices of music or artists, or other similar survey information. Depending on the Promotion, we may also collect an Internet email address or other Information and, depending on the Information collected, the user may also be required to confirm his or her agreement to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use Agreement.  
0 	We caution that most wireless transmissions are not secured and there is a greater risk of an unknown third party's interception of messages or a user's Personal Information when using a wireless communications device.  
0 	Users that register for Latin Post's wireless marketing services acknowledge, understand and agree that they will be charged by the user's wireless carrier for all messages sent to the user from Latin Post's. Standard messaging rates will apply, unless noted otherwise. Under no circumstances will the Site, Latin Post's, its Parent Companies or Affiliates be responsible for any wireless email or text messaging charges incurred by a user or by a person that has access to a user's wireless device, telephone number, or email address.  
0 	a. Registration. To the extent we provide wireless marketing services, there are two registration methods provided for Latin Post'swireless marketing services. Standard rate Promotions will be subject to either the "single opt-in" or the "double-opt-in" (Site/SMS) method, at the discretion of Latin Post's depending on the type of Promotion. Premium rate services will require the "double opt-in" (Site/SMS or SMS/SMS) method.  
0 	i. Single Opt-in Method: In response to print, radio, television, Internet, or other promotional messages, users will be directed to send a specific word or code via a text message to a designated telephone number to register for the service promoted. The user's voluntary submission of the designated word or code to Latin Posts will mean that the user has freely and affirmatively granted permission to Latin Posts to send text messages to him or her. Latin Posts will thank the user for his or her registration by sending a "Thank you" message. The user may terminate the service at any time by using the unsubscribe command in any text message from Latin Posts or by sending a text message to Latin Posts that says "STOP", "END", "CANCEL", "REMOVE", "UNSUBSCRIBE" or "QUIT".  
1 	ii. Double Opt-in (Site/SMS) Method: In response to print, radio, television, Internet, or other promotional messages, users will be directed to this Site to start the registration process. The user must affirmatively consent to Latin Post's sending of wireless messages to his or her designated wireless device by submitting a telephone number (or wireless email address, only if requested by Latin Post's) and by clicking the consent statement on the Site's registration page. The user must also agree to the Site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement before the online registration process is completed. Latin Post's will then send a "Confirmation" message to the user's designated wireless device and will request that the user confirm that he or she has agreed to receive messages from Latin Post's to that particular telephone number (or wireless domain name when appropriate). The user must respond to the "Confirmation" message with a text message that states "YES" or "Y" that will indicate the user's acceptance of Latin Post's wireless marketing service. Until the user responds to the "Confirmation" message, the user is not registered for the specific wireless marketing service subject to the Promotion. A user may respond to the "Confirmation" message at any time provided that Latin Post may choose to terminate offering wireless marketing service at any time and the user's response to the "Confirmation" is only valid if the response is received while Latin Post continues to offer the specific wireless marketing service.  
0 	iii. Double Opt-in (SMS/SMS) Method: In response to print, radio, television, Internet, or other promotional messages, users will be directed to send a specific word or code via a text message to a designated telephone number to register for the service promoted. Latin Post will then send a "Confirmation" message to the user's designated wireless device and will request that the user confirm that he or she has agreed to receive messages from Latin Post to that particular telephone number (or wireless domain name when appropriate). The user must respond to the "Confirmation" message with a text message that states "YES" or "Y" that will indicate the user's acceptance of Latin Post wireless marketing service. Until the user responds to the "Confirmation" message, the user is not registered for the specific wireless marketing service subject to the Promotion. A user may respond to the "Confirmation" message at any time provided that Latin Post may choose to terminate offering wireless marketing service at any time and the user's response to the "Confirmation" is only valid if the response is received while Latin Post continues to offer the specific wireless marketing service.  
0 	b. Termination of Wireless Services by User. Regardless of which one of the above opt-in methods was used to register, users may revoke their consent to receive messages from Latin Post by the following procedure:  
0 	A user may cancel one or more services via his or her wireless device at any time by using the unsubscribe mechanism provided by Latin Post at the time the message is sent, or by sending a text message that says "STOP", "END", "CANCEL", "REMOVE", "UNSUBSCRIBE" or "QUIT". Latin Post will terminate the user's registration for the most recent wireless service sent to the user. Any of these words followed by the word "ALL" in the user's termination request will cancel all of the user's registered wireless services with Latin Post. If the user unsubscribes from one or all of Latin Post service(s) via his or her wireless device, the service(s) will be terminated immediately and will cancel the user's previous opt-in.  
0 	c. Termination of Wireless Services by Latin Post. A user understands, acknowledges and agrees that Latin Post may, in its sole discretion and without liability to any user, terminate its offer of any specific wireless marketing service or all wireless marketing services at any time without advance notice. Latin Post may provide notice of terminations or changes in services on this Site.  
1 	d. Use of Information. Latin Post will not use a wireless telephone number, wireless or conventional Internet email address, or other Information submitted for its wireless marketing services for any other purpose but to provide the service requested, unless we provide advance notice of any other use. We will not share any Personal Information with Advertisers or other third party marketers unless you opt-in to such disclosure. We will share Personal Information with the operational service providers that assist us in delivering these wireless services to you and with the Parent Companies and Affiliates.  
0 	 6. Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information and Other Information.    a. Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information. Generally, we do not sell, rent, lease or disclose your Personal Information to third parties, except if you consent to such disclosure or as described in this Privacy Policy.  
0 	  i. Disclosure to Parent Companies and Affiliates. We may disclose Personal Information to Parent Companies and Affiliates for marketing and/or administrative purposes. You can choose to opt-out of certain such uses as described in the "Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Personal Information" Section above.  
0 	  ii. Disclosure of Certain Information in Postings Intended to Be Disclosed. Certain Personal Information associated with a Posting may be intended for disclosure ("Posting Information"), such as username. We will disclose Posting Information in connection with the display of, and other services relating to, such Posting.  
0 	  iii. Disclosure In Connection with Co-Branded Services and Features. The Site may also offer co-branded services and features, such as events and Promotions that we put together with another company or our Parent Companies or Affiliates ("Co-Branded Partner") and that may be hosted on the Site and/or our Co-Branded Partner's website. We may share your Personal Information with our Co-Branded Partner and your voluntary use of or participation in a co-branded service or feature means that you opt-in and give your affirmative consent to both the Site and our Co-Branded Partner to collect the Information provided in connection with the specific co-branded feature or service and to use such Information for the fulfillment of the feature or service and for marketing or administrative purposes. The Co-Branded Partner will be identified on the co-branded feature or service, along with the Co-Branded partner's privacy policy. If you wish to opt-out of a Co-Branded Partner's future use of your Personal Information for marketing purposes, you will need to contact the Co-Branded Partner directly and the use of such information by Co-Branded Partner is subject to Co-Branded Partner's privacy policy.  
0 	  iv. Disclosure to Operational Service Providers. We also have the right to disclose your Personal Information and Other Information to third parties for the purpose of administering and maintaining the Site's services, features, functions and operations. We will refer to these third parties as "operational service providers". We use operational service providers to efficiently provide the full range of content, activities, services, features and functions we bring you and we disclose your Information to operational service providers for the purpose of providing services to us.  
0 	  v. Disclosure to Certain Other Third Parties. In addition to the above, we will make your Personal Information and Other Information available to certain third parties in the following limited circumstances:  
0 	  When we are compelled to do so by a governmental agency, court or other entity (e.g., to respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process) or if requested by a governmental agency or other authority as part of an investigation;  
0 	  If we believe your actions violate any law, rule, regulation and/or the Terms of Use Agreement, including, without limitation, this Privacy Policy, Rules or Additional Terms;  
0 	  In connection with Promotions, as necessary to administer the Promotion or as required by applicable laws, rules or regulations (for example, to provide winners' lists or make required filings as appropriate);  
0 	  If you opt-in or otherwise agree to have your Personal Information shared with or otherwise disclosed to a third party for marketing purposes, in which case the third party's use of your Information is subject to the third party's own privacy policy;  
0 	  If, in our sole discretion, we believe such disclosure to be necessary or appropriate: to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries; to protect our business and assets or the rights, property or safety of the Site, the Parent Companies, the Affiliates, or any of its or their operational service providers, licensors, suppliers, Advertisers, customers, users, or any other party; to limit our legal liability; to defend our interests; to enforce this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use Agreement and/or to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations or requests by law enforcement agencies or governmental authorities and/or  
0 	  In the event of a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, sale, transfer of control, joint venture or other business combination involving us, or our Parent Companies or Affiliates.  
0 	b. Sharing and Disclosure of Other Information. We may share or otherwise disclose Other Information with third parties, but we do not disclose Personal Information to them except as described in this Privacy Policy.  
0 	 7. Reviewing, Updating or Deleting Certain Information.    Generally, you may review, update or delete certain Information collected by the Site by clicking "Account" on the homepage to sign in to your Site account with your User ID to change, update or deactivate your Personal Information. However, Personal Information that is necessary to check eligibility, such as date of birth or age, cannot be deleted, but may be modified with sufficient verification of the correct information. We will allow you to change the password portion of your User ID, as well as certain other Information you have given us in order to keep your information current, but once you select a user name you will not be able to change that user name provided to us during registration and which is associated with your User ID.  
0 	You may also exercise certain privacy settings options by, if you are a registered user of the Site and logged into the Site, clicking "Profile" or your display name at the top of the Site, selecting "Edit Profile" or "Manage Account" and selecting the "Privacy" tab.  
0 	Certain Information collected for certain entries into Promotions are subject to corporate and regulatory recordkeeping requirements and will not be deleted upon the user's request, unless the entrant is a child under the age of 13 years old.  
0 	If the burden or expense of providing access to your Information is disproportionate to the risks to your privacy or if the legitimate rights of others would be violated, we may decide not to provide access to such Information. In such cases, we will provide to you an explanation of why access cannot be provided and contact information for further inquiries.  
0 	Children or Ineligible Teenagers.. If we, or our Parent Companies or Affiliates, inadvertently send an email or text message to a person that does not meet the age and other eligibility requirements of the Site, such as a child (a person under the age of 13) or others who do not meet the greater age requirements of certain features of this Site ("Ineligible Teenagers"), the child (or Ineligible Teenager) or the child's (or Ineligible Teenager's) parent or legal guardian (the "Parent") always has the right to unsubscribe (opt-out) from receiving future emails or text messages via the unsubscribe mechanism contained in the email or message. The same unsubscribe process is available to a parent or legal guardian of a minor (a person under the age of 18, or the age of majority in your state).  
0 	In addition, Parents of children or Ineligible Teenagers who wish to terminate their child's or Ineligible Teenager's membership must use their child's or Ineligible Teenager's User ID to gain direct access to the account, and follow the procedures in the "Deactivation/Termination of Your Registration or Use" Section of the Terms of Use Agreement to terminate their child's or Ineligible Teenager's member; alternatively, Parents may send an email to the Site's Privacy Administrator and provide us with your child's or Ineligible Teenager's User ID and request to terminate your child's or Ineligible Teenager's account and registration. We will not allow direct access to a user's account and Personal Information by any person without the user's User ID. If a Parent does not have his or her child's or Ineligible Teenager's User ID, the Parent will be required to send an email to the Privacy Administrator that includes the Parent's name, address, telephone and email address, in addition to the child's or Ineligible Teenager's name and email address as registered on the Site, plus the child's or Ineligible Teenager's date of birth. The Parent must also provide verifiable identification that they are the parent or legal guardian of the child or Ineligible Teenager. Latin Post will send a confirming email to the Parent via the email address provided to verify that the Parent wishes to terminate his or her child's or Ineligible Teenager's account and registration. The Parent must then confirm by sending a reply email to the designated return address. Latin Post will then terminate the child's or Ineligible Teenager's account but will notify the child or Ineligible Teenager of the termination request via email and will identify the name, address and email address of the person making the request.  
0 	 8. Protection of Information.    While no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure from intrusion, we maintain commercially reasonable physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your Information. However, regardless of our efforts and the Device you use to access the Site, it is possible that third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications over an unsecured transmission. We conduct financial transactions via secured transmissions but may not always secure other parts of the Site. We also limit access to the Site by our own employees to those individuals who are authorized for the proper handling of such information and any employee found violating our standards of security and confidentiality will be subject to our disciplinary processes. We request that our operational service providers follow similar standards of security and confidentiality.  
0 	Phishing. Phishing attacks attempt to steal consumers' personal identity data and financial account credentials. "Phishers" use 'spoofed' e-mails to lead consumers to counterfeit websites designed to trick recipients into divulging Information such as credit card numbers, account usernames, passwords and social security numbers. WE DO NOT SEND EMAILS ASKING YOU TO PROVIDE OR CONFIRM CREDIT CARD NUMBERS, SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBERS OR YOUR USERNAME OR PASSWORD! If you receive such email communication, please forward it immediately to the Site's Privacy Administrator at admin@latinpost.com, and then immediately delete the fraudulent email from your computer.  
0 	 9. Your California Privacy Rights.    If you are a resident of the State of California, we provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options such as your right to opt-out (which we may sometimes refer to as "unsubscribe") or opt-in for use of your Personal Information by third parties (such as Advertisers) for marketing purposes. Therefore, pursuant to the California Civil Code, we are not required to maintain or disclose a list of the third parties that received your Personal Information for marketing purposes during the preceding year.  
0 	If you are a California resident and wish to request information about how to exercise your third party disclosure choices, please send a request by email to the Privacy Administrator at admin@latinpost.com or by postal mail to Latin Post, 250 Vesey Street, 26th Floor, New York, NY 10281, Attn: Your California Privacy Rights, c/o Privacy Administrator.  
0 	All requests must be labeled "Your California Privacy Rights" on the email subject line or envelope or post card. For all requests, please clearly state that the request is related to "Your California Privacy Rights", include your name, street address, city, state, zip code and e-mail address (your street address is optional if you wish to receive a response to your request via email) and indicate your preference on how our response to your request should be sent (email or postal mail). We will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information.  
0 	 10. Changes to this Privacy Policy and Notice.    We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time by posting an updated Privacy Policy without advance notice to you. Such revisions shall be effective immediately upon posting. Notice of material changes will be posted on the Site's homepage and/or will be provided by e-mailing you or notifying you upon login about these changes; the form of such notice is at our discretion. However, we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement often for updates.  
0 	 11. Miscellaneous.    a. Accuracy and Confidentiality. It is your responsibility to give us current, complete, truthful and accurate information, including Personal Information, and to keep such information up to date. We cannot and will not be responsible for any problems or liability that may arise if you do not give us accurate, truthful or complete information or Personal Information or you fail to update such information or Personal Information. We will reject and delete any entry that we believe in good faith to be false, fraudulent or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.  
0 	You are solely responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your User ID, if applicable, and for any charges, costs, expenses, damages, liabilities and losses we incur or may suffer as a result of your failure to do so. You, and not us, are solely responsible and liable for the activity, behavior, use and conduct on the Site under your User ID (whether used by you or any others who use your User ID), unless and until you notify us that your User ID may have been compromised, misappropriated or improperly taken or used by another party. We reserve the right to deny access, use and registration privileges to any user, including without limitation, a registered user, of any services, features or functions of the Site if we believe there is a question about the identity of the person trying to access the user's account or any services, features or functions.  
0 	Further, if you use any of the Communities features and functions made available on or through the Site, please remember that any Information disclosed in these venues is automatically made public and please use caution when disclosing any Personal Information in the Communities, as you do not know who will access and use your Personal Information or for what purposes. Latin Post is in no way responsible for the accuracy, use, or misuse of any information, including Personal Information, that you disclose or receive through these venues and you should assume that any disclosure you do make in these venues will be available publicly, even without your knowledge or authorization.  
0 	b. Questions. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or if you do not understand any information about how we collect, maintain, use or share your Personal Information or Other Information, you may contact us directly by sending an email to privacy-admin@latinpost.com or please contact our Privacy Administrator at Latin Post, 250 Vesey Street, 26th Floor, New York, NY 10281, c/o Privacy Administrator.  
0 	c. Sole Statement: This document is the sole statement of the Site's Privacy Policy and no summary, restatement or other version thereof, or other privacy statement or policy, in any form, including, but not limited to, machine-generated, is valid.  
0 	d. Other: Please review our Terms of Use Agreement which governs your use of the Site. Any terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given in the Terms of Use Agreement.  
0 	This Privacy Policy was last modified on the date indicated above and is effective immediately.
0 	 Privacy Policy    PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY (THIS "PRIVACY POLICY") CAREFULLY BEFORE USING OUR WEBSITE, APPLICATIONS OR ANY OTHER MLB ADVANCED MEDIA, L.P. PRODUCT OR SERVICE.  
0 	MLB Advanced Media, L.P. is the organization that produces and publishes the Official Website of Major League Baseball, which encompasses MLB.com, the Official Websites of the thirty (30) Major League Baseball ("MLB") Clubs, the Official Websites of certain other MLB-related properties (collectively, this "Website"), downloadable mobile applications (e.g. MLB.com At Bat, MLB.com At the Ballpark) available from third party application storefronts ("Application(s)""), mobile games available from third party application storefronts (e.g. MLB.com Beat the Streak, MLB.com) ("Mobile Games") and games and other applications available from third party social media locations and gaming websites ("Social Games"). This Privacy Policy is applicable to this Website, the Applications, Mobile Games and the Social Games, all of which will be called "Services" throughout this Privacy Policy, and describes what information we collect, how we may use that information and the choices we offer for you to manage the information we collect related to your use of our Services.     Personal Information Collected Via Our Services     How We Use and Share Your Personal Information     Additional Information About Collection of Location Data     Additional Information About Our Access to Your Contacts     Other Information Collected And Shared Within Our Services.     Other Circumstances When Your Data May Be Shared     Managing Your Information     Other Information  
1 	 Personal Information Collected Via Our Services     Information You Provide.  You may visit and enjoy many elements of our Services without disclosing any personal information about yourself. However, to make use of select, special or enhanced elements of the Services, you will need to share with us certain personal information so those elements may function properly. When you use certain enhanced elements within our Services (e.g., create a profile, register for a promotion, make a purchase, or publish a comment), the personal information we collect may include, but is not limited to:     Full name,    Email address,    Password,    Street address,    Telephone number(s),    Birth date,    Payment card information,    Location data,    Contacts (as stored in your wireless device),    Other personal data as detailed in this Privacy Policy and data that may be requested from and provided by you.  
1 	If we collect such information, in most instances, the applicable page(s) or location(s) within the Services will include statements regarding what information is required for the elements of the Services to function properly and functionality for you to submit the requested or required information. In addition to the list above, there may also be opportunities for you to grant permission for use of other of your information in a manner set forth on the applicable page(s) within the Services.  
1 	 How We Use and Share Your Personal Information    If you submit personal information to us, or to any third party acting on our behalf, we may use and share your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy and as disclosed when you first submit your information or as permissible under applicable law. We will not sell, lease, publish or share your personal information with or to anyone else, except as set forth in this Privacy Policy. We may use and share your personal information as described in Section 1 above and we may:  
1 	  Use your information to provide services you've requested or provide you with offers, promotions (e.g., a sweepstakes, fantasy game, subscription to goods or services, etc.) or content or add you to our postal mail list;  
1 	  Use your information to send you electronic communications, including emails about the league or a club applicable to your interactions with our Website, and about products, services, sponsors, partners and affiliates when you make a purchase, agree to rules or terms, or otherwise engage with our Website, to the extent the sending of such electronic communication is permissible under applicable law;  
0 	  Share your information with certain third parties, including service providers, sponsors and promotional partners, so they may help us provide services, offers, promotions or content youve requested or otherwise in accordance with the applicable rules of a promotion or terms presented at the time you submit personal information, so the third party can administer the promotion, send you offers or content or add you to their postal mailing list;  
1 	  Use and share your information with one or more MLB Clubs or entities, to the extent that you've submitted information or accessed functionality or content that relates specifically to such Club(s) or entities (e.g., you've asked to receive the newsletter of a Club or you've purchased Club-specific merchandise), so they may learn more about fans like you, add you to the Club's postal mail list and provide better services to you;  
0 	  Share your information upon notice posted on an applicable location of our Services where we collect your personal information for an economic transaction and notify you that we will be sharing such information with a third party;  
1 	  Use and share your information with our third-party survey partners to send you periodic surveys to help improve our Services or your MLB experience;  
1 	  Use and share your information in connection with online loyalty, membership or rewards programs operated from our Services or with a third party from which you may receive goods or services in connection with such a program; or  
1 	  Use and share your information with permission from you.  
1 	 Additional Information About Collection of Location Data    Location Data We Collect. When you use our Service we may solicit your permission to collect your location data. Please be advised, for some features within our Applications to function (e.g. live MLB game video) we must confirm your current location and therefore some features will not be available if you choose not to provide your location data to us. The specificity of the location data collected may depend on a number of factors, including the device you are using (e.g. laptop, smartphone, tablet) and how you are connected to the internet (e.g. via cable broadband connection, WiFi, etc.). If you enable location services for our Applications, we may collect location data (e.g. zip code) periodically as you use or leave open our Applications. We may also use this data internally or in conjunction with our third party service providers to customize your experience and provide offers that may be relevant to you. Depending on the platform you use to access our Applications (e.g., Apples iOS, Googles Android, Windows, etc.) you may be able to control from within the settings on your wireless device or the Application(s) whether location data is collected.  
1 	 Additional Information About Our Access to Your Contacts    Our Access to Your Contacts. When you use our Mobile Games, we may solicit your permission to access your contacts list (e.g., address book) so that we may match individuals from your contacts lists with those participating in our Mobile Games so you can invite your friends to play with and against you. We will not store the information in your contacts list.  
1 	 Other Information Collected And Shared Within Our Services.     Our Cookies and Web Beacons    We use and permit automatic methods such as cookies (small amounts of data which include a unique string of characters sent to your browser or application from a website's computers and stored on your computer's or device's hard drive), web beacons (technology used to track activity, also known as pixel tags) or similar technologies, alone or in combination with personally identifiable information you choose to provide us. Examples of the information we collect and analyze using such methods include, but is not limited to: personal information as authorized by you, the Internet protocol address used to connect your computer or device to the Internet; email address; login name and password; operating system type, version and computer or device platform; purchase history; the full Uniform Resource Locator clickstream to, on and from our Services, including date and time; and products you viewed or searched. We use software tools to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs) and methods used to browse away from a page. We use and may allow certain third parties, such as those who provide services associated with our Services, to access these automatic data collection methods to enable you to use a "shopping cart" while using our Services, to store your preferences and to improve, deliver and customize our Services' content and offerings.  
0 	 Third Party Cookies and Web Beacons; Network Advertisers    We allow select third parties, such as those who deliver advertisements, content, social networking or provide other services associated with our Services, to set cookies, web beacons or similar technologies in certain locations within the Services or certain emails sent by us. Third party companies that manage and deliver advertisements to websites and applications such as ours are commonly referred to as "network advertisers." A permitted network advertiser may use cookies, web beacons or similar technologies to collect information about your interaction with our Services in order to tailor certain advertisements and content delivered within our Services and on other websites within such network advertiser's ad network. You may elect to opt out of targeted behavioral advertising from many major third party network advertisers by clicking here. If you would like to obtain more information about common industry practices of network advertisers or make choices about their use of your information or find additional opt-out tools operated by advertising industry associations encompassing even more network advertisers, please click here.  
1 	 Social Networking    When using our Services or when using certain third party social networking services (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Google +) (each and collectively, a "Social Network"), you may have the option to connect your Website, Application, Mobile Game or Social Game information and activity with your Social Network information and activity. If you authorize such a connection, you permit us to share or publish information about your activity on our Services, with that Social Network and its users, and to access certain of your Social Network information, as disclosed by you at the time you consent to the connection. Information we may share with a Social Network may include, but is not limited to: technical information about your Services activity, your Services comments or the videos you watch on our Services. Information we may access about you, with your consent, from a Social Network may include, but is not limited to, your basic Social Network information, your location data, your list of contacts, friends or followers, and certain of your activities on the Social Network. If you permit a connection between a Social Network and our Services, we (and that Social Network) may be able to identify you and to associate information received pursuant to the connection with information we already have about you. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policy and privacy control options of any Social Network with which you choose to share information or connect to our Services.  
1 	 Device ID    When using our Mobile Games, we or our third party service provider may collect your unique device ID and share it on an aggregated and anonymous basis to help us understand our users and provide you a better experience. The aggregated and anonymous data may also be used by our third party service provider in connection with its products and services. If you wish to opt out of this anonymous data collection, please click here and follow the instructions.  
0 	 Other Circumstances When Your Data May Be Shared     Aggregated Demographic Information.    We may share aggregated demographic information with third parties. This information is not linked to personal information that can identify you or another individual person.  
0 	 Business Transfers.    As time passes, MLB Advanced Media, L.P. may be sold along with its assets, or other corporate transactions may occur. In such a case, our customer information may be one of the business assets we transfer.  
0 	 Disclosure for Legal Purposes.    We may be required to share your personal and non-personal information pursuant to judicial or governmental subpoenas, warrants or orders. If we are required to do so, we will, of course, obey the law. In addition, notwithstanding any term to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we reserve the right to use, disclose or share your personal and non-personal information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of Terms of Use of any of our Services or as required by law.  
0 	 Managing Your Information    You may choose and control what information you provide about yourself and certain information which is automatically collected via our Services. If you do not wish to provide certain information necessary for enhanced functionality or content on our Services, please do not use such functionality or content. If you have registered for an account through our Services, you may review and revise certain of your account information by clicking here to log in, and then navigating the left-hand menu options. You may modify your subscriptions to our various promotional email communications and newsletters by accessing the "Email Subscriptions" section within your Website account.  
0 	If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows a user to accept or reject most cookies. Certain cookies that are set when some video products are accessed on our Website, called local shared objects or Flash cookies, may not be managed using the settings in your web browser. Information on managing, accepting and rejecting these cookies is available from Adobe on the Adobe website. If you set your browser or Adobe Flash options not to accept cookies or local shared objects, you may not be able to take advantage of certain Services.  
0 	If you want to review or revise the personal information you provided during registration or in connection with a purchase or other activity while using our Services, or change the promotional email communications or newsletters you receive from us, you may either (1) click here to log in, and then click on the applicable left-hand menu option, or (2) call MLB.com Customer Service at 866-800-1275. If you want to close your Website account and have us delete the personal information in it (except for information that we keep for record-keeping purposes), you should call MLB.com Customer Service at 866-800-1275.  
0 	Remember that when you share information publicly online, it may be indexable by search engines or recorded by others, and any search engine index or record of your information may persist after you delete the information at the original source.  
0 	 Other Information     No Spyware or Adware.    We do not install any spyware or adware in connection with our Services, or distribute any commercial message, or authorize any third party to distribute any commercial message, by means of spyware or adware. "Spyware" or "adware" is any software which has been downloaded to or installed on an Internet user's computer or device, without the user's actual consent, and facilitates the distribution of any commercial message to the user. If you feel you may have spyware from another company installed on your machine, there are various anti-spyware/adware software applications available on the Internet to identify if this has occurred.  
0 	 Our Security Practices.    The account information associated with any of our Services is password protected for your privacy and security. You choose your password for any of our Services so the strength of that password is determined by you. We recommend that you choose a unique password and not share your password with anyone else. In certain areas, we use industry-standard SSL encryption to protect data transmissions.  
0 	 Links.    Our Services contain links to other websites and products produced by MLB Advanced Media, L.P. and to websites and products operated by unrelated third parties. In addition, if you click on an advertisement within our Services, you may be directed to a web page within our Services or to a third-party website or product. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites or products, and we encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website and product that collects personally identifiable information from you. This Privacy Policy applies only to our Services, unless you are notified otherwise upon accessing any third party website or product, in which case the terms and conditions set forth in such notification will apply.  
0 	 Your California Privacy Rights.    If you are a resident of California, pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, you may request information regarding our disclosure of your personal information to a third party for that party's direct marketing purposes. Any such disclosure made to a third party by us would be otherwise in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. To make such a request please send an email to privacy@website.mlb.com or write to us at: MLB Advanced Media, L.P., Privacy Administrator, 75 Ninth Avenue, New York, New York 10011.  
0 	 Special Rules For Children.    Because of federal law, we are not permitted to knowingly collect any personal information from a child under the age of thirteen without the consent of that child's parent or guardian. The statements in this Privacy Policy about our collection and use of personal information also apply to our treatment of personal information from children under the age of thirteen. Some elements of our Services (e.g., shop, ticketing, and auctions) require the submission of a payment card number along with personal information in connection with a purchase; other elements of our Services (e.g., fantasy baseball) require the submission of personal information to access or use the Services. Except in certain cases where limited contact information may be collected and not retained, these elements of our Services are not available to children under the age of thirteen. If a child who we know to be under the age of thirteen and for whom we have not received parental consent attempts to utilize a service on our Services which is not available to children, he/she will not be able to access it and may receive a message which relays that he/she is not eligible for such feature.  
0 	 Contact Us Regarding Privacy.    If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us at:   MLB Advanced Media, L.P. Privacy Administrator Address: 75 Ninth Avenue City: New York, State: New York Zip Code: 10011 Phone: (212) 485-6142 Fax: (212) 485-8111   Or send an email to privacy@website.mlb.com.  
0 	 Notification of Changes.    If we make an important change to this Privacy Policy, we will post a notification and link on our Website's homepage and within our Applications, Mobile Games and Social Games so that you may review the updated policy.  
0 	Privacy Policy (updated June 30, 2014)
0 	 Privacy Policy    The Walt Disney Company has a rich tradition of bringing great stories, characters and experiences to our guests around the world, and our sites and applications are createdto entertain and connect guests with the best that we have to offer on the platforms and devices our guests prefer.  
0 	Our privacy policy is designed to provide transparency into our privacy practices and principles, in a format that our guests can navigate, read and understand. We are dedicated to treating your personal information with care and respect.  
0 	 Privacy Policy    Last Modified: June 19, 2015  
0 	This privacy policy describes the treatment of information provided or collected on the sites where this privacy policy is posted. It also explains the treatment of information provided or collected on applications we make available on third-party sites or platforms if disclosed to you in connection with use of the application. We follow this privacy policy in accordance with local law in the places where we operate.     Types of Information We Collect    How We Collect Your Information    Use of Your Information by The Walt Disney Family of Companies    Sharing Your Information with Other Companies Your Controls and Choices    Childrens Privacy    Data Security, Integrity and Retention    Data Transfers, Storage and Processing Globally    Changes to this Privacy Policy    Comments and Questions  
1 	 1. Types of Information We Collect    We collect two basic types of information personal informationand anonymous information and we may use personal and anonymous information to create a third type of information, aggregate information. We collect the following categories of information:  
1 	  Registration information you provide when you create an account, including your first name and surname, country of residence, gender, date of birth, email address, username and password  
1 	  Transaction information you provide when you request information or purchase a product or service from us, whether on our sites or through our applications, including your postal address, telephone number and payment information  
1 	  Information you provide in public forums on our sites and applications  
1 	    Information sent either one-to-one or within a limited group using our message, chat, post or similar functionality, where we are permitted by law to collect this information  
1 	  Information you provide to us when you use our sites and applications, our applications on third-party sites or platforms such as social networking sites, or link your profile on a third-party site or platform with your registration account  
1 	  Location information when you visit our sites or use our applications, including location information either provided by a mobile device interacting with one of our sites or applications (including through beacon technologies), or associated with your IP address, where we are permitted by law to process this information  
1 	  Usage, viewing and technical data, including your device identifier or IP address, when you visit our sites, use our applications on third-party sites or platforms or open emails we send  
1 	 2. How We Collect Your Information      We collect information you provide to us when you request products, services or information from us, register with us, participate in public forumsor other activities on our sites and applications, respond to customer surveys, or otherwise interact with us. Please keep in mind that when you provide information to us on a third-party site or platform (for example, via our applications), the information you provide may be separately collected by the third-party site or platform. The information we collect is covered by this privacy policy and the information the third-party site or platform collects is subject to the third-party site or platforms privacy practices. Privacy choices you have made on the third-party site or platform will not apply to our use of the information we have collected directly through our applications.  
1 	  We collect information through technology, such as cookies, Flash cookies and Web beacons, including when you visit our sites and applications or use our applications on third-party sites or platforms. Please visit Online Tracking and Advertisingfor further information, including Do Not Track and how to disable cookies.  
1 	  We acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically. Local law may require that you authorize the third party to share your information with us before we can acquire it.  
1 	 3. Use of Your Information by The Walt Disney Family of Companies    A memberof The Walt Disney Family of Companies, which includes many different brands, will be the data controller for your information. The relevant data controller(s) can be determined here. Other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies may have access to your information where they perform services on behalf of the data controller(s) (as a data processor) and, unless prohibited under applicable law, for use on their own behalf (as a data controller) for the following purposes:     Provide you with the products and services you request    Communicate with you about your account or transactions with us and send you information about features on our sites and applications or changes to our policies    Consistent with local law and choices and controls that may be available to you:    Send you offers and promotions for our products and services or third-party products and services    Personalize content and experiences    Provide you with advertising based on your activity on our sites and applications and on third-party sites and applications. To learn more about how we use your information for personalization and tracking, please visit Online Tracking and Advertising.    Optimize or improve our products, services and operations    Detect, investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal  
0 	 4. Sharing Your Information with Other Companies    We will not share your personal informationoutside The Walt Disney Family of Companiesexcept in limited circumstances, including:     When you allow us to share your personal information with another company, such as:     Electing to share your personal information with carefully selected companies so that they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services     Directing us to share your personal information with third-party sites or platforms, such as social networking sites  
0 	Please note that once we share your personal information with another company, the information received by the other company becomes subject to the other companys privacy practices.     When we cooperate with financial institutions to offer co-branded products or services to you, such as our co-branded Disney Rewards Visa Card; however, we will do so only if permitted by applicable law and, in these cases, the financial institutions are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than those related to the co-branded products or services    When companies perform services on our behalf, like package delivery and customer service; however, these companies are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than those requested by us or required by law    When we share personal information with third parties in connection with the sale of a business, to enforce our Terms of Use or rules, to ensure the safety and security of our guests and third parties, to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of our guests and third parties, to comply with legal process or in other cases if we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by law  
0 	 5. Your Controls and Choices    We provide you the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection, use and sharing of your information. In accordance with local law, your controls and choices may include:     You may correct, update and delete your registration account    You may change your choices for subscriptions, newsletters and alerts    You may choose whether to receive from us offers and promotions for our products and services, or products and services that we think may be of interest to you    You may choose whether to receive targeted advertising from many ad networks, data exchanges, marketing analytics and other service providers here     You may choose whether to receive targeted advertising from many ad networks, data exchanges, marketing analytics and other service providers here     You may request access to the personal information we hold about you and that we amend or delete it  
0 	You may exercise your controls and choices, or request access to your personal information, by visiting Communication Choices, contacting Guest Services, or following instructions provided in communications sent to you. Please be aware that, if you do not allow us to collect personal information from you, we may not be able to deliver certain products and services to you, and some of our services may not be able to take account of your interests and preferences. If you have questions regarding the specific personal information about you that we process or retain, please contact Guest Services.  
0 	 6. Childrens Privacy    We recognize the need to provide further privacy protections with respect to personal informationwe may collect from childrenon our sites and applications. Some of the features on our sites and applications are age-gated so that they are not available for use by children, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children in connection with those features. When we intend to collect personal information from children, we take additional steps to protect childrens privacy, including:  
0 	  Notifying parentsabout our information practices with regard to children, including the types of personal information we may collect from children, the uses to which we may put that information, and whether and with whom we may share that information  
0 	  In accordance with applicable law, obtaining consent from parents for the collection of personal information from their children, or for sending information about our products and services directly to their children  
0 	  Limiting our collection of personal information from children to no more than is reasonably necessary to participate in an online activity  
0 	  Giving parents access or the ability to request access to personal information we have collected from their children and the ability to request that the personal information be changed or deleted  
0 	For additional information about our practices in the United States and Latin America regarding childrens personal information, please read our Childrens Privacy Policy.  
0 	 7. Data Security, Integrity and Retention    The security, integrity and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect guest information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use and modification. From time to time, we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware though that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.We will retain your personal information for the length of time needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.  
0 	 8. Data Transfers, Storage and Processing Globally    We operate globally and may transfer your personal informationto individual companies of The Walt Disney Family of Companiesor third parties in locations around the world for the purposes described in this privacy policy. Wherever your personal information is transferred, stored or processed by us, we will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your personal information. Additionally, when using or disclosing personal information transferred from the European Union, we abide by the Safe Harbor Principles as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce, use standard contract clauses approved by the European Commission, adopt other means under European Union law for ensuring adequate safeguards, or obtain your consent. We also apply the substantive requirements of the Safe Harbor Principles when transferring personal information from Australia.  
0 	 9. Changes to this Privacy Policy    From time to time, we may change this privacy policy to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements or for other purposes. We will provide noticeto you if these changes are material and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent.  
0 	 10. Comments and Questions    If you have a comment or question about this privacy policy, please contact Guest Services. Our sites and applicationsmay contain links to other sites not owned or controlled by us and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our sites or applications and to read the privacy policies of other sites that may collect your personal information.  
0 	Notice to California Residents:If you are a California resident, you may have certain additional rights. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by certain membersof The Walt Disney Family of Companies to third parties for the third parties direct marketing purposes. California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits registered users who are minors to request and obtain deletion of certain posted content. Visit our Your California Privacy Rights page for more information.  
0 	 Definitions     Aggregate Information.    Aggregate information means information about groups or categories of guests, which does not identify and cannot reasonably be used to identify an individual guest.  
0 	 Anonymous Information    Anonymous information means information that does not directly or indirectly identify, and cannot reasonably be used to identify, an individual guest.  
0 	 Application.    Application means a program or service operated by us (or on our behalf) that may be displayed on various online, mobile or other platforms and environments, including those operated by third parties, which permits us to interact directly with our guests.  
0 	 Children.    Children means individuals who we have identified are not of legal age to consent to the collection and processing of their personal information. In the United States and Latin America, the term children refers to individuals under 13 years of age.  
0 	 Data Controller.    The data controller is the subsidiary or affiliated entity of The Walt Disney Company that is responsible for the personal information collected from sites and applications, as follows:  Disney Club Penguin (Club Penguin)    Disney Canada Inc. (formerly known as Disney Online Studios Canada Inc.)   Club Penguin   1628 Dickson Avenue, Suite 500   Kelowna, British Columbia V1Y 9X1   CANADA   support@clubpenguin.com    All other sites and applications    If you live in Europe, Middle East or Africa:   The Walt Disney Company Limited   (Company Number 530051)   3 Queen Caroline Street   Hammersmith   London   W6 9PE   help@disney.co.uk   US, Canada and Rest of World:   Disney Interactive   500 South Buena Vista Street   Mail Code 7667   Burbank, CA 91521-7667   United States of America  
0 	 Data Processor.    A data processor is a person or entity that processes personal information on behalf of a data controller (or data controllers) and is permitted to perform data processing only as directed by the data controller(s).  
1 	 IP Address    An IP address is associated with the access point through which you enter the Internet, and is typically controlled by your Internet Service Provider (ISP), your company, or your university. We may use IP addresses to collect information regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of our sites and applications, and we may combine IP addresses with personal information.  
0 	 Member    Member means a subsidiary or affiliated entity that is part of The Walt Disney Family of Companies.  
0 	 Notice    Notice may be by email to you at the last email address you provided us, by posting notice of such changes on our sites and applications, or by other means, consistent with applicable law.  
0 	 Parents    Parents means a parent or legal guardian.  
0 	 Personal information    Personal information means information that identifies (whether directly or indirectly) a particular individual, such as the individuals name, postal address, email address and telephone number. When anonymous information is directly or indirectly associated with personal information, this anonymous information also is treated as personal information.  
0 	 Public Forums    Our sites and applications may offer message boards, conversation pages, blogs, chat rooms, social community environments, profile pages, and other forums that do not have a restricted audience. If you provide personal information when you use any of these features, that personal information may be publicly posted and otherwise disclosed without limitation as to its use by us or by a third party. To request removal of your personal information from a public forum on one of our sites or applications, please contact Guest Services.  
0 	 The Walt Disney Family of Companies    The Walt Disney Family of Companies refers to The Walt Disney Company and its subsidiary and affiliated entities, which offer their products and services under various brand names. These companies engage in a number of businesses, including theme parks and travel, motion pictures and television, publishing, consumer products and interactive services. The Walt Disney Company brands include, among others, the following:    ABC    Babble    Club Penguin    Disney    Disney Pixar    ESPN    Hollywood Records    Lucasfilm    Marvel    Muppets    Playdom    Spoonful    Star Wars  
0 	 Guest Services Contact Information    United States of America:   Disney Interactive   500 South Buena Vista Street   Mail Code 7667   Burbank, CA 91521-7667   United States of America  
0 	For questions related to childrens privacy, you may also telephone Guest Services at (877) 466-6669.  
0 	Disney Interactive has received the TRUSTe Privacy Seal in the United States, signifying that this privacy policy and our privacy practices have been reviewed for compliance with the TRUSTe program listed on the validation page available when you click on the TRUSTe Privacy Seal. The TRUSTe program covers only those properties identified on the validation page. If you believe that Disney Interactive has not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you may contact TRUSTe or the United States Federal Trade Commission through its online consumer complaint form.  
0 	Published: January 1, 2015  
0 	The WP Company LLC (The Washington Post) recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of your personal information, and we have prepared this Privacy Policy to provide you with important information about our privacy practices. This Privacy Policy applies when you use a website, mobile or tablet application, or other online service (collectively, the Services) that links or refers to it. It does not govern or apply to information collected or used by WP Company LLC through other means.  
0 	This Privacy Policy covers the following:   How We Use Information   Sharing of Information   Links to Third Party Sites   Data Security   How to Access or Update Your Information   Changes to this Privacy Policy   Other Important Information  
1 	 Information We Collect    We may collect personal information about our users in various ways. For example, we may collect information that you provide to us, information that we collect through your use of the Services, and information that we collect from publicly available sources or third parties.  
0 	 Information You Provide to Us.   
1 	When you register or otherwise interact with the Services, you may be invited to provide personal information to enhance your experience on our site. For example, during account registration, we may ask for information such as your name, e-mail address, year of birth, gender, street address, job title and industry and related information. We may collect payment information, such as your credit card number and expiration date, where appropriate to process a financial transaction you have requested.  
1 	We also collect information that you provide us when you comment on articles, participate in message boards, and submit images, photos, videos, or other content to the Services. We may ask you for additional information at other times, such as when you enter a contest or participate in a promotion, when you post an online ad, or when you order products from us or otherwise engage with the Services. Please review our Discussion and Submission Guidelines for more information about our practices applicable to content that you submit to certain areas of our Services.  
1 	 Information About Your Use of the Services.      Device informationsuch as your hardware model, IP address, other unique device identifiers, operating system version, and settings of the device you use to access the Services.    Usage informationsuch as information about the Services you use, the time and duration of your use of the Services and other information about your interaction with content offered through a Service, and any information stored in cookies and similar technologies that we have set on your device. For detailed information about our use of cookies, web beacons, and other technologies, see Online Tracking and Advertising.    Location informationsuch as your computers IP address, your mobile devices GPS signal or information about nearby WiFi access points and cell towers that may be transmitted to us when you use certain Services.  
1 	 Information From Third-Party Sources.    We may receive information about you from publicly and commercially available sources, as permitted by law, which we may combine with other information we receive from or about you. For example, we may receive information about you from a social media site if you connect to the Services through that site.  
1 	 Other Information We Collect.    We also may collect other information about you, your device, or your use of the services in ways that we describe to you at the point of collection or otherwise with your consent. You may choose not to provide us with certain types of information, but doing so may affect your ability to use some of the Services.  
1 	 How We Use Information     To Provide and Manage the Services You Request.    This includes, for example, processing your subscription, sending you electronic newsletters, enabling you to participate in the features provided by the Services. It also includes providing personalized content and recommendations to you, including through Personal Post. Through such features, we are able to bring you information and content tailored to your individual interests and needs.  
0 	 To Contact You.    We may periodically contact you with offers and information about the Services and our affiliates, including in connection with your accounts, online surveys, legal notices, news stories, and other important information. You may opt out of receiving commercial email messages from us by following the instructions contained in those email messages.  
1 	 To Deliver Targeted Advertising.    We may use your information to facilitate the delivery of targeted ads, promotions, and offers to you, on behalf of ourselves and advertisers, on and off the Services. Please see Online Tracking and Advertising for further information about our and third parties use of cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies to provide you relevant ads, as well as information about how to disable cookies and make other choices related to targeted advertising.  
1 	 To Better Understand Our Readers and Users.    The Services conduct research on our users demographics, interests and behavior based on the information we collect. We do this to better understand and serve our users, and to improve our products and services.  
1 	 To Protect the Rights of the Services and others.    We may use your personal information as we believe is necessary or appropriate to protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of the Services, its employees or agents, or other users and to comply with applicable law.  
1 	 Consent.    We may otherwise use your information with your consent or at your direction.  
0 	 Sharing of Information    The following provides information about entities with which we may share information. Our practices vary depending on the type of information.  
0 	 Affiliates.    We may share information within our family of affiliated companies.  
0 	 Business Partners.    We may also share your information with business partners to provide you with services that you request. For example, if you sign up for a promotion that runs on our Services but that is sponsored or co-sponsored by another company, your information may be shared with that sponsor. The Washington Post is not responsible for the privacy practices of these entities.  
0 	 Service Providers.    We may share information with vendors providing contractual services to us, such as hosting vendors, advertising service providers, and list managers. We also may share your information, including your payment information, as appropriate to process your payments for the Services or complete a transaction.  
0 	 Other Parties When Required by Law or As Necessary to Protect Our Users and Services.    We may share your personal information as we believe is necessary or appropriate to protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of the Services, our employees or agents or users or to comply with applicable law or legal process, including responding to requests from public and government authorities.  
0 	 Logging In Through Social Media Services.    If you log into the Services with a social media service or if you connect a social media account with the Services, we may share your information with that social media service. The social media services use of the shared information will be governed by the social media services privacy policy and your social media account settings. If you do not want your information shared in this way, do not connect your social media service account with your Services.  
0 	 Third Parties that Provide Content, Advertising, or Functionality.    Some of the content, advertising, and functionality on our Services may be provided by third parties, such as our advertisers. These third-parties may collect or receive certain information about your use of the Services, including through the use of cookies, beacons, and similar technologies, and this information may be combined with information collected across different websites and online services.  
0 	 Other Parties in Connection With a Corporate Transaction.    We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event that we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets to a third party, such as in the event of a merger, acquisition, or in connection with a bankruptcy reorganization.  
0 	 Otherwise With Your Consent or At Your Direction.    In addition to the sharing described in this Privacy Policy, we may share information about you with third parties whenever you consent to or direct such sharing.  
0 	 Aggregated Data.    We also may provide aggregated data about how users are using our Services to third parties.  
0 	 Links to Third-Party Sites    Our Services may link to third-party websites and services that are outside our control. We are not responsible for the security or privacy of any information collected by other websites or other services. You should exercise caution, and review the privacy statements applicable to the third-party websites and services you use.  
0 	 How to Access or Update Your Information & Other Privacy Choices Available To You     Manage Your washingtonpost.com Account.    You may access or modify your washingtonpost.com account on the User Profile page. This link will also allow you to update your subscriptions to electronic newsletters provided by the Services and to view your comment history.  
0 	 Email Promotions    You may opt out of receiving commercial email messages from us by following the instructions contained in those email messages.  
0 	 Targeted Advertising.    You may choose whether to receive some forms of targeted advertising from many ad networks, audience segment providers, ad serving vendors, and other service providers by visiting websites operated by the Network Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising Alliance . Please see Online Tracking and Advertising and visit our Ad Choices pages for further information about how to disable cookies and other choices that may be available to you with respect to certain types of targeted advertising.  
0 	 Data Security    We have in place physical, electronic and managerial procedures to protect the information we collect online. However, as effective as these measures are, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.  
0 	 Other Important Information     Childrens Privacy.    We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 without parental consent, unless permitted by law. If we learn that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete it in accordance with applicable law.  
0 	 Your California Privacy Rights.    (a) California residents are entitled once a year, free of charge, to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. We do not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. (b) California residents who are registered users of the Services and are under the age of 18 are entitled, in accordance with California law, to request and obtain removal of content and information that they themselves post on the Services. You may request such removal by emailing us at comments@washpost.com. In your request, please provide a description of the material that you want removed and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material, and include your name, email address and/or Washington Post website user name, year of birth, mailing address (including city, state, and zip code), and the subject line California Removal Request so that we can process your request. Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the material. For example, materials that you have posted may be republished or reposted by another user or third party.  
0 	 Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms.    Some web browsers may transmit do-not-track signals to the websites with which the user communicates. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. Because there currently is no industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals, the Services currently do not take action in response to these signals. If and when a final standard is established and accepted, we will reassess how to respond to these signals. In the meantime, please see Online Tracking & Advertising for additional information about privacy choices that may be available to you with respect to targeted advertising.  
0 	 International Transfers.    The Services are headquartered in the United States. Please be aware that if information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of the Services may be collected in your country and subsequently transferred to the United States or to another country in accordance with applicable law. By using the Services, you consent to the collection, international transfer, storage, and processing of your information  
0 	 Changes to Our Privacy Policy    We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of changes by posting changes here, or by other appropriate means. Any changes to the Privacy Policy will become effective when the updated policy is posted on the Services. Your use of the Services or your provision of personal information to use the Services following such changes indicates your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy.  
1 	 Online Tracking & Advertising     How We Use Cookies, Web Beacons, and Similar Technologies and How To Disable These Technologies    We and third parties that provide content, advertising, or functionality on our Services, may use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to facilitate administration and navigation on the Site, to better understand and improve our Services, to determine and improve the advertising shown to you here or elsewhere, and to provide you with a customized online experience.  
1 	 Cookies.    Cookies are small files that are placed on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies may be used to store a unique identification number tied to your computer or device so that you can be recognized as the same user across one or more browsing sessions, and across one or more sites. Cookies serve many useful purposes. For example:     Cookies can remember your sign-in credentials so you do not have to enter those credentials each time you visit a Service    Cookies can help us and third parties understand which parts of our Services are the most popular because they help us see which pages and features visitors access and how much time they spend on the pages. By studying this kind of information, we are better able to adapt our Services and provide you with a better experience.    Cookies help us and third parties understand which ads you have seen so that you dont receive the same ad each time you access a Service.  
0 	Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but can be configured not to do so or to notify the user when a cookie is being sent. If you wish to disable cookies, refer to your browser help menu to learn how to disable cookies. If you disable browser cookies or flash cookies, it may interfere with the proper functioning of the Services.  
1 	 Beacons.    We, along with third parties, also may use technologies called beacons (or pixels) that communicate information from your device to a server. Beacons can be embedded in online content, videos, and emails, and can allow a server to read certain types of information from your device, know when you have viewed particular content or a particular email message, determine the time and date on which you viewed the beacon, and the IP address of your device. We and third parties use beacons for a variety of purposes, including to analyze the use of our Services and (in conjunction with cookies) to provide content and ads that are more relevant to you.  
1 	 Local Storage & Other Tracking Technologies.    We, along with third parties, may use other kinds of technologies, such as Local Shared Objects (also referred to as Flash cookies) and HTML5 local storage, in connection with our Services. These technologies are similar to the cookies discussed above in that they are stored on your device and can be used to store certain information about your activities and preferences. However, these technologies may make use of different parts of your device from standard cookies, and so you might not be able to control them using standard browser tools and settings. For HTML5 local storage, the method for disabling HTML5 will vary depending on your browser. For Flash cookies, information about disabling or deleting information contained in Flash cookies can be found here.  
1 	 Additional Choices With Respect To Targeted Advertising    As described above, we and third parties may use cookies and other tracking technologies to facilitate serving relevant ads to you. For example, these technologies help us determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before, tailor ads to you if you have visited our site before, and avoid sending you duplicate advertisements. You can learn more about certain types of targeted advertising by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance website or our Ad Choices page.  
0 	In addition to disabling cookies and other tracking technologies as described above, you may opt-out of receiving targeted advertising from participating ad networks, audience segment providers, ad serving vendors, and other service providers by visiting websites operated by the Network Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising Alliance . Please visit our Ad Choices page for additional information and privacy choices.
0 	Privacy Policy - Your Privacy Rights   Last revised: January 07, 2014  
1 	Dictionary.com LLC respects your privacy. When you use Dictionary.com, Reference.com, Thesaurus.com or any other online products or websites that we own (our "sites") and mobile applications (our "apps"), we collect information about you and use it to facilitate and improve our services. Information about you may also be shared with other companies. For instance, companies engaged in "targeted" or "behavioral" advertising present ads that might be of interest to you based on information about your online activities. We want to be clear about how information about you may be used and what your privacy options are.  
0 	This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect, how we use it, how other companies may use it, and tracking technologies used to collect information. If we make any material changes to our privacy practices, we will post a revised Privacy Policy on this page. If you have any questions, please contact us by sending an email here http://content.dictionary.com/about/contact or writing to Dictionary.com LLC, ATTN: Legal Department, 555 12th Street, 5th Floor, Oakland, CA 94607.  
1 	 Information we collect    Information collected automatically : When you visit our sites and use our apps, we automatically collect and store information about your computer or mobile device and your activities. This information includes:     Your computer's IP address     Technical information about your computer or mobile device (such as type of device, web browser or operating system)     Your preferences and settings (time zone, language, etc.)     Your mobile device's unique ID number     Your mobile device's geographic location (specific geographic location if you've enabled collection of that information, or general geographic location automatically)     The URL of the last web page you visited before coming to one of our sites     The words you have looked up and results you selected     The ads you clicked on     How long you visited our sites or used our apps and which services and features you used     For app users, the online or offline status of Your app  
1 	Information you choose to provide : You may choose to open an account and if you are age 13 or older, provide us with information in order to use certain services or products, like Dictionary.com Premium or Word Dynamo, or to take advantage of special offers, like a contest or a sweepstakes. This information may include your name, email address, phone number, credit card information (including billing address), and demographic information (age, gender, etc.). You may provide this information directly to us or you may choose to register using your Facebook account in which case you would authorize us to access certain Facebook profile information including your first name, last name, gender, birth date and email address. You may also choose to post content (such as custom flashcards) that you may share with others, through our site or through your Twitter or Facebook account. You do not have to provide any of this information to us. But if you do not provide certain information, you will not be able to use some of the services we offer. If you wish, we will delete your account information; to do so, please log into Dictionary.com using the account you wish to close,then close your acount at http://app.dictionary.com/users/cancelaccount.  
1 	 How we use your information    We use your information to provide and improve our services, customize services for you (such as by remembering your preferences), make special offers (like sweepstakes), better understand our users, diagnose and fix problems, and sell and display ads that may be relevant to you. Email addresses, mobile phone numbers, and credit card information are used only for providing you the services you requested upon creating your account.  
1 	Email Address : We use your email address only to allow you to log in to your account, send you confirmations (of your registration, purchase, etc.), and to send you messages as part of our services. You may choose to stop receiving these emails by adjusting your email settings at http://app.dictionary.com/users/settings or by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email. For specific services, you can unsubscribe here: Word of the Day unsubscribe or Reference of the Day unsubscribe. We will also use your email address to respond to your customer service inquiries. If you are under the age of 13, certain messaging and site functionality may be non-existent or limited.  
1 	Phone Number : We use your mobile phone number only to send you SMS messages that you've requested. To stop receiving SMS messages, please enter your mobile number's corresponding email address here: http://dictionary.reference.com/help/faq/wordoftheday/index.htmlunsubscribe.  
1 	Credit Card Information : We use your credit card information only to process your purchases and to detect and prevent fraud.  
0 	 Use of your information by other companies    We share user information with other companies for various reasons. What information we make available to other companies depends on the nature of our relationships with them. We generally require these other companies to keep our users' information confidential.  
0 	Service Providers : We may share all of the types of information we collect with vendors who provide services (such as voice transcription, email and SMS messaging, and payment processing), conduct surveys, and run sweepstakes on our behalf.  
0 	Advertisers : Advertisers and advertising networks use tracking technologies to collect information about users' computers or mobile devices and their online activities (for example, web pages visited and searches made) as well as general geographic location and use that information to display targeted ads to users. We sometimes allow these ad companies to collect such information when you use our sites and apps to enable them to display targeted ads to you.  
0 	Analytics Companies : We allow analytics companies to use tracking technologies to collect information about our users' computers or mobile devices and their online activities. These companies analyze this information to help us understand how our sites and apps are being used. Certain versions of our App have an "Opt out of Tracking" setting, which permits you to opt out of being tracked by third party analytics companies.  
0 	What we don't share : We do not provide ad companies or analytics companies with your name, address, email address, phone number, or credit card information.  
0 	Aggregated Information : We may publicly disclose aggregated information about our users, such as the total number of our users and their overall demographics.  
0 	Legal Matters : We may disclose user information: in response to a legal request, such as a subpoena, court order, or government demand; to investigate or report illegal activity; or to enforce our rights or defend claims. We may also transfer your information to another company in connection with a corporate restructuring, such as a sale, merger or in the event of a bankruptcy proceeding.  
1 	 Tracking technologies    We, as well as other companies, use tracking technologies to collect and store data about your computer or mobile device and your activities on our sites and apps.  
1 	Cookies : When you visit our sites, we place "cookies" (small text files) on your computer to recognize you. We do this to store your preferences and track your use of our sites. Ad companies place cookies on your computer to track your activities across various sites so that they can display targeted ads. Some ad companies and game developers use "flash cookies" for ads and games that use Flash media technology.  
0 	Many ad companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative. NAI members allow users to opt out of being tracked by cookies. To opt out of cookie tracking by NAI members, you may visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/ and click on the "Consumer Opt-out" button. Companies may also be members of the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") and to opt out of cookie tracking by DAA members, you may visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. Finally, to learn how to remove cookies, you may visit these links: deleting cookies and deleting flash cookies. By using our site and products, you give us explicit consent to place cookies and other tracking technology on your computer or mobile device.  
1 	Pixel tags : We embed pixel tags (also called web beacons or clear GIFs) on web pages, ads, and emails. These tiny, invisible graphics are used to access cookies and track user activities (such as how many times a page is viewed). We use pixel tags to measure the popularity of our features and services. Ad companies use pixel tags to measure the number of ads displayed and their performance (such as how many people clicked on an ad).  
1 	Mobile Device IDs : If you're using an app, we use mobile device IDs (the unique identifier assigned to a device by the manufacturer), instead of cookies, to recognize you. We do this to store your preferences and track your use of our apps. Unlike cookies, device IDs cannot be deleted. Ad companies use device IDs to track your use of the app, track the number of ads displayed, measure ad performance and display ads that are more relevant to you. Analytics companies use device IDs to track information about app usage.  
0 	 Do Not Track Disclosure    Do Not Track ("DNT") is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our website for third party purposes, and that is why we provide the NAI "Consumer Opt-out" link and the DAA opt-out link above. However, we do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to DNT.  
0 	 Apps    If you install one of our apps on your mobile device, your use of the app is subject to our app license agreement, http://dictionary.reference.com/help/dictionaryappeula.html.  
0 	 Children's privacy    We do allow children under 13 to register for an account, but we do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under 13. Personally identifiable information, for example, includes a first and last name; a home or other physical address; an e-mail address; a telephone number; or a social security number.  
0 	When we have identified through our age-screening process that a child under 13 is trying to register an account with us, we immediately "hash" that user's e-mail into a nonreversible character string and discard the e-mail. Then the user's e-mail address is only used for "password recovery" purposes.  
0 	Generally speaking, one-way hashing is a way to anonymize or hide data by transforming pieces of information into fixed strings of alphanumeric characters.  
0 	For example, when the e-mail address 'U13user@dictionary.com' is hashed, the result or "hash value" might be 'a8der13ap69'. Every time that hash function is applied to that e-mail address the result will be the same. It is called one-way hashing because the function allows you to convert the data only one way. So while it is possible to convert an e-mail address into a hash value, it is not possible to convert that value back into the e-mail address.  
0 	When a child under the age of 13 registers for an account, we use hashing to create a password reminder system that does not require us to retain that child's email address. To do this, we apply the hash function to the email address and associate the resulting hash value (not the e-mail) with the user's account. The e-mail address is immediately discarded after the hash function is applied.  
0 	When the user forgets the password associated with the account, we request the original email address, hash it, and then compare the two hash values. If they match, we e-mail the password reminder to the user and then immediately discard the e-mail again.  
0 	 Information from users outside the United States    If you're outside the United States, your information will be sent to and stored in the United States, where our servers are located. By using our sites and apps, you agree to the information collection, use, and sharing practices described in this Privacy Policy.  
0 	 YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS (as provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83)    A California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes ("California customer") is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. In general, if the business has made such a disclosure of personal information, upon receipt of a request by a California customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom personal information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of personal information that were disclosed.  
0 	However, under the law, a business is not required to provide the above-described lists if the business adopts and discloses to the public (in its Privacy Policy) a policy of not disclosing customer's personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure or gives customers a mechanism to opt out of having their personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Rather, the business may comply with the law by notifying the customer of his or her right to prevent disclosure of personal information and providing a cost free means to exercise the right.  
0 	We have opted for this alternative approach. If you would like to modify any personal information you previously submitted our sites or apps, visit your account information section for each site or app to which you made the submission. If you have agreed to receive communications from us or to permit us to share your personal information with third parties, you may request that, in the future, we not send you communications or share your personal information by writing to our Legal Department at our corporate address below or by visiting your account information section for each site or app. Please note, however, that we reserve the right to send you administrative messages relating to the site or app (e.g., about changes to this Privacy Policy). If at any time you would like us to deactivate your member profile, please write to us at our corporate address or visit your account information section for each site and app. Please note that (1) we may retain your personal information in back-up storage after deactivation, and (2) we are not responsible for removing information about you from the database of any third parties to whom you previously authorized us to share your personal information.  
0 	As more fully described in this Privacy Policy, you may request that Dictionary.com LLC not disclose your personal information to third parties. You may do so either at the time you register or by contacting us by writing to us at Dictionary.com LLC, ATTN: Legal Department, 555 12th Street, 5th Floor, Oakland, CA 94607.
0 	 Privacy Policy     Effective: January 1, 2015    At the Atlantic Monthly Group, Inc. ("The Atlantic"), we want you to enjoy and benefit from our websites and online services secure in the knowledge that we have implemented fair information practices designed to protect your privacy. Our privacy policy is applicable to The Atlantic, and The Atlantics affiliates and subsidiaries whose websites, mobile applications and other online services are directly linked (the Sites). The privacy policy describes the kinds of information we may gather during your visit to these Sites, how we use your information, when we might disclose your personally identifiable information, and how you can manage your information.  
0 	This privacy policy does not apply to Sites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we may link or who may link to us. We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third party websites.  
0 	By visiting our Sites, you are accepting the practices described in our privacy policy, including our use of cookies and similar online tools. If you do not agree to the terms of this privacy policy, please do not use the Sites. We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of our privacy policy from time to time without notice. Your continued use of our Sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. If we intend to apply the modifications or amendments to this privacy policy retroactively or to personally identifiable information already in our possession, we will provide you with notice of the modifications or amendments and seek your consent for such use.   What Information Is Collected?    How Do the Sites Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?    How Do We Use Your Information?    Who Can See Your Information?    What Are Your Choices?    Other Important Information    Governing Law & Notice to Non-U.S. Users    Questions About this Policy; Access to Your Information  
1 	 What Information Is Collected?    We collect two basic types of information from you in conjunction with your use of the Sites: non-personally identifiable information and personally identifiable information. Non-personally identifiable information does not individually identify you, but it may include tracking and usage information about your general location, demographics, use of the Sites and the Internet. Personally identifiable information is any information that can individually identify you and includes, your name, address, phone number, and email address, or non-personally identifiable information that has been linked to such personally identifiable information.  
1 	 Personally Identifiable Information    As a general matter, you can browse the Sites without submitting your personally identifiable information to us. However, there are a number of circumstances in which you may supply us with your personally identifiable information, including when you subscribe to our publications, newsletters, and other content; place an order; register for a Site or any part thereof; complete a survey or participate in market research; enter a contest; upload content; or when you seek employment at The Atlantic.  
1 	 Non-Personally Identifiable Information    When you interact with the Sites, we may collect certain information that does not identify you individually (non-personally identifiable information or non-PII), such as demographic data; information about your computer, mobile device, or other device that you use to access the Sites, including IP address, general location information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language, and other transactional information. We may also collect information about your use of the Sites, including your search terms and search results, and additional traffic data such as time of access, date of access, software crash reports, session identification number, access times, and referring website addresses. Our servers may automatically keep an activity log of your use of our Sites. In addition to non-identifiable individual information, we may collect aggregate data regarding the use of the Sites.  
1 	 Collection of Personally Identifiable Information From or Through Social Media Sites    In addition, when you interact with any The Atlantic property page or account on a social media platform, such as Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr, or LinkedIn, we may collect the personally identifiable information that you make available to us on that page or account including your social media account ID. However, we will comply with the privacy policies of the corresponding social media platform and we will only collect and store such personally identifiable information that we are permitted to collect by those social media platforms. If you choose to link or login to your The Atlantic account with or through a social networking service, The Atlantic and that service may share certain information about you and your activities. With your consent, we also may share information about your activities, including what you view on the Sites, with that social networks users.  
1 	 Collection of Your Source IP Address/Location Information    We collect and store your devices source IP address which may disclose the general location of your device at the time you access the Sites. Advertisements and certain content may be directed to you as a result of this data.  
1 	 How Do the Sites Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?    Like many websites, we use cookies, which are small text files that are stored on your computer or equipment when you visit certain online pages that record your preferences and actions. We use cookies to track use of our Sites and online services. We may also use cookies to monitor traffic, improve the Sites and make it easier and/or relevant for your use. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but, if you prefer, you can usually modify your browser setting to disable or reject cookies. If you delete your cookies or if you set your web browser to decline cookies, some features of the Sites may not work or may not work as designed. For more information on cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information provided by the Interactive Advertising Bureau at www.allaboutcookies.org.  
1 	We may also use web beacons and web storage technologies. A web beacon (also known as an action tag, tracer tag, or single-pixel gif) is an invisible graphic on a web page that is programmed to collect information about your use of a given website. Web Storage is a feature in some browsers that permits websites to store data within your browser rather within a cookie. We do not share or provide personally identifiable information we may collect in web beacons or store in Web Storage, such as names, e-mail addresses and phone numbers, to unaffiliated third parties without your express permission.  
0 	We may partner with third party advertising companies to better provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use the Sites. They may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based advertising or other targeted content. These advertising partners do not have access to or use your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number or other personally identifiable information from us, without your consent. They may, however, use persistent identifiers to anonymously track your Internet usage across other websites in their networks beyond these Sites. While we restrict their further use of such information, such third parties may, with sufficient data from other sources, be able to personally identify you, unknown to us.  
0 	Third-party ad serving companies and other unaffiliated advertisers also display advertisements on our site. As part of their service, they may place a separate cookie on your computer or utilize other data collection and tracking technologies, to collect information such as your IP address, browser type, the server your computer is logged onto, the area code and zip code associated with your server, and whether you responded to a particular advertisement. For a listing of the third party companies we may allow to place cookies to serve ads on the Sites, click here. We do not control these third parties tracking technologies, how they may be used, or the information they may collect and we are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of those third parties. Please visit the sites of those businesses at the links above to review their privacy policies. We may add or change the list of third party ad servers from time to time and we encourage you to check this section for changes. You can learn more about about online advertising at www.aboutads.info/consumers.  
0 	Your browser or device may include Do Not Track functionality. Because a Do Not Track compliance protocol has not yet been finalized, The Atlantics information collection and disclosure practices, and the choices that we provide to customers, will continue to operate as described in this privacy policy, whether or not a Do Not Track signal is received.  
1 	 How Do We Use Your Information?    We use the information we learn from you to help us personalize and continually improve your experience on the Sites, including to:     Provide you with the content, products and services you request    Post your user generated content to our Sites as you request    Communicate with you about your account or transactions with us and send you information about features and enhancements on or to our Sites    Communicate with you about changes to our policies    Communicate with you about your comment to a story or topic    Personalize content and experiences on our Sites, including providing you recommendations based on your preferences    Send you newsletters, offers and promotions for our products and services, third party products and services, or special events by e-mail, text, or other another medium    Provide you with advertising including advertising based on your activity on our Sites or activity on third party sites and applications    Administer our loyalty programs    Administer contests, sweepstakes, promotions, and surveys    Optimize or improve our products, services and operations    Detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal    Perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the Sites and their purchasing patterns  
1 	We may use the information from one portion of the Sites on other portions of Sites in our network of Sites, all of which are owned and operated by The Atlantic, and we may combine information gathered from multiple portions of the Sites into a single user record.  
0 	 Who Can See Your Information?    We will not disclose your personally identifiable information collected from the Sites to any organizations not part of The Atlantic or its subsidiaries or related entities, except as described in this privacy policy.  
0 	 Third-Party Agents    We have third party agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and partners that perform functions on our behalf, including, but not limited to, hosting, content syndication, content management tools, social media integration, marketing, analytics, billing and customer service. These entities may have access to personally identifiable information if needed to perform their functions. If such access is required, the third parties will be obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of that personally identifiable information. They are restricted from using, selling, distributing or altering this data in any way other than to provide the requested services to the Sites.  
0 	 Business Partners and Other Third Parties    From time to time we allow companies whose products or services we feel may interest our print subscribers to advertise to those subscribers, using the names and addresses provided to us during the process of subscribing to the print edition. We do not share our subscribers names and addresses directly with these companies, however. In those instances, we use a reputable third party to administer the process on our behalf. Many of our subscribers find this a valuable and time-saving service. If you do not want your name and address to be shared for these purposes, you can opt-out of such sharing by e-mailing us at techtrouble(at)theatlantic(dot)com, or calling or writing us at the contact information provided.  
0 	 Assignment    In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from, for example, a sale to, or merger with, another entity, or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy, The Atlantic may transfer your personally identifiable information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets. Under such circumstances we would, to the extent possible, require the acquiring party to follow the practices described in this privacy policy, as it may be amended from time to time. Nevertheless, we cannot promise that an acquiring company or the merged company will have the same privacy practices or treat your information the same as described in this privacy policy.  
0 	 Law Enforcement, Legal Process, and Emergency Situations    In some cases, we may use or disclose your personally identifiable information to a third party if we are required to do so by law or if we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law or legal process; to protect and defend our rights or to prevent misuse of our Sites; or to protect the personal safety of our employees, agents, partners, the users of the Sites, or the public.  
0 	 Use of Non-Personally Identifiable Information    We may disclose or share individual, non-personally identifiable information and aggregate information in any manner other than that described herein that we deem appropriate or necessary. Among other things, we will disclose non-personally identifiable information to third parties to help us determine how people use parts of the Sites and who our users are so we can improve our Sites. We will also disclose non-personally identifiable information to our partners and other third parties about how our users collectively use the Sites.  
0 	 What Are Your Choices?    We believe you should have choices about the collection, use and sharing of your information. Although you cannot opt-out of all data collection when you visit our sites, you can limit the collection, use and sharing of your information.  
0 	 Collection of personally identifiable information    All personally identifiable information is provided on a voluntary basis. If you do not want The Atlantic to collect such information, you should not submit it to the Sites. However, doing so will restrict your ability to access some content and use some of the functionality of the sites.  
0 	 Sharing of personally identifiable information    You may opt-out of having your personally identifiable information shared with business partners and third parties for marketing and advertising purposes by e-mailing us at techtrouble(at)theatlantic(dot)com, or contacting us at the phone numbers or postal address provided below.  
0 	 Online, Interest Based Advertising    You may be able to opt-out of the use of your information for online, interest based advertising from participating whether advertising partners and unaffiliated third parties through the Network Advertising Initiatives opt-out program by clicking http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.  
0 	 Emails and Newsletters    You may always opt-out of receiving future e-mail marketing messages and newsletters from The Atlantic by following the instructions contained within the emails and newsletters, or by e-mailing, calling or writing us at the addresses below.  
0 	 Governing Law & Notice to Non-U.S. Users    These Sites are published in the United States. We attempt to protect the personally identifiable information of all users of our Sites and we attempt to comply with local data protection and consumer rights laws to the extent they may apply to The Atlantics services, but our family of Sites are located and targeted to United States citizens and our policies are directed at compliance with those laws. If you are uncertain whether this privacy policy conflicts with the applicable local privacy laws where you are located, you should not submit your personally identifiable information to The Atlantic.  
0 	If you are located outside the United States of America, you should be aware that information about you will be transferred to the United States of America. If you are located in a country outside the United States of America and voluntarily submit personally identifiable information to us, you thereby consent to the general use of such information as provided in this privacy policy and to the transfer of that information to, and/or storage of that information in, the United States of America.  
0 	 Other Important Information     How Your Information Is Secured    We take reasonable security measures to protect your information, including the use of physical, technical and administrative controls. Please understand, however, that while we try our best to safeguard your personally identifiable information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. You need to help protect the privacy of your own information. You must take precautions to protect the security of any personally identifiable information that you may transmit over any home networks, wireless routers, wireless (WiFi) networks or similar devices by using encryption and other techniques to prevent unauthorized persons from intercepting or receiving any of your personally identifiable information. You are responsible for the security of your information when using unencrypted, open access or otherwise unsecured networks.  
0 	The time period for which we keep information varies according to the purpose for which it is used for. In some cases, there are legal requirements to keep data for a minimum period. Unless there is a specific legal requirement for us to keep the information, we will retain it for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the data was collected or for which it is to be further processed.  
1 	 Contests, Sweepstakes or Games    When we run a contest or sweepstakes or game relating to our Sites, it will be accompanied by a set of rules. The rules for each contest, sweepstakes or game will specify how the information gathered from you for entry will be used and disclosed if it is different than as described in this privacy policy. In conjunction with your entry in such contest or sweepstakes, personally identifiable information will be collected only if you voluntarily submit it.  
0 	 Childrens Information    The Sites are not intended for children under 13 years of age. The Atlantic does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, do not provide personal information to The Atlantic without providing us with consent from your parents. If The Atlantic discovers that a child under the age of 13 has provided The Atlantic with personal information and we do not have parental consent, The Atlantic will immediately delete that childs information from the Sites. If you believe that company has been provided with the personal information of a child under the age of 13 without parental consent, please notify us immediately at techtrouble(at)theatlantic(dot)com.  
0 	 Your California Privacy Rights    California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of The Atlantic who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of their personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to techtrouble(at)theatlantic(dot)com specifying that you seek your California Customer Choice Notice. Please allow thirty days for a response.  
0 	 Questions About this Policy; Access to Your Information    If you have an account with The Atlantic, you may review and change your information by logging into your account and editing your account profile. If you have questions about our privacy policy, you may contact us at:  
0 	 Email:     Telephone:    (800)234-2411 (United States)   (515) 237-3670 (International)    Postal Service:    Atlantic Monthly Group, Inc.   ATTN: General Counsel   600 New Hampshire Avenue, NW   Washington, DC 20037    For Print Subscriptions:    Atlantic Customer Care   PO Box 37564   Boone, IA 50037-0564   theatlantic@cdsfulfillment.com  
0 	You may also use the contact information provided to request access or changes to your personally identifiable information; however, you will not be permitted to examine the personally identifiable information of any other person or entity and may be required to provide us with personally identifiable information to verify your identity prior to accessing any records containing information about you. We may not accommodate a request to change or delete personally identifiable information if we believe doing so would violate any law or legal requirement, or cause the information to be incorrect.  
0 	IMDb Privacy Notice  
0 	Last Updated, December 5, 2014 . To see what has changed click here.  
0 	IMDb knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly.  
0 	By visiting IMDb, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.  
0 	 What Personal Information About Users Does IMDb Gather-    The information we learn from users helps us personalize and continually improve your experience at IMDb. Here are the types of information we gather.  
1 	 Information You Give Us :  We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. Click here to see examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future browsing for you, improving our site, and communicating with you.  
1 	 Automatic Information :  We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses IMDb or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of IMDb on other Web sites. Click here to see examples of the information we receive.  
0 	 E-mail Communications :  To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from IMDb if your computer supports such capabilities. We also compare our user list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our users. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please use our User Administration pages to adjust your preferences.  
1 	 Mobile :  When you download or use apps created by IMDb, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. We may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising, local showtimes, search results, and other personalized content. Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services. For more information about how to do this, click here.  
1 	 Information from Other Sources :  We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. Click here to see examples of the information we receive.  
1 	 What About Cookies-      Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as My Movies, local show times, and browsing preferences.  
0 	  The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer. However, because cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of IMDb's essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on.  
1 	  We use web beacons (also known as "action tags" or "single-pixel gifs") and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of certain site features and to conduct research and analysis. We also allow third parties to place web beacons and other technologies on our site to conduct research and analysis, but we do not provide personal information to such third parties.  
0 	 Does IMDb Share the Information It Receives-    Information about our users is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share user information with our parent corporation (Amazon.com, Inc.), the subsidiaries it controls, and as described below.  
0 	 Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control :  We work closely with our affiliated businesses. In some cases, we will include offerings from these businesses on IMDb. In other cases, we may include joint offerings from IMDb and these businesses on IMDb. You can tell when another business is involved in the offering, and we share user information related to those offerings with that business.  
0 	 Agents :  We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include sending e-mail, removing repetitive information from user lists, analyzing data, and providing marketing assistance. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.  
0 	 Promotional Offers :  Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of IMDb users on behalf of other businesses. When we do this, we do not give that business your name and e-mail address. If you do not want to receive such offers, please use our User Administration pages to adjust your preferences.  
0 	 Business Transfers :  As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy additional services or business units. In such transactions, user information generally is transferred along with the rest of the service or business unit. Also, in the event that IMDb, Inc., or substantially all of its assets are acquired, user information will of course be included in the transaction.  
0 	 Protection of IMDb and Others :  We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law; enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of IMDb, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.  
0 	 With Your Consent :  Other than as set out above, you will always receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.    What About Third-Party Advertisers-    Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other websites. We do not provide any personally identifiable customer information to these advertisers or third-party websites.  
0 	These third-party websites and advertisers, or Internet advertising companies working on their behalf, sometimes use technology to send (or "serve") the advertisements that appear on our website directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features that they may use, and the information practices of these advertisers and third-party websites are not covered by this Privacy Notice. Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices. In addition, the Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about Internet advertising companies (also called "ad networks" or "network advertisers"), including information about how to opt-out of their information collection.  
1 	IMDb also displays personalized third-party advertising based on personal information about users, such as information you submit to us about movies you own or have watched. Click here for more information about the personal information that we gather. Although IMDb does not provide any personal information to advertisers, advertisers (including ad-serving companies) may assume that users who interact with or click on a personalized advertisement meet their criteria to personalize the ad (for example, users in the northwestern United States who bought, watched, or browsed for romantic comedies). If you do not want us to use personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalize advertisements we display to you, please adjust your Advertising Preferences.  
0 	 How Secure Is Information About Me-    If you use our subscription service, we work to protect the security of your subscription information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.  
0 	It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.  
0 	 What Choices and Access Do I Have-      As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to take advantage of such IMDb features as My Movies and local show times.  
0 	  You can add or update certain information, such as your e-mail address, by using our User Administration pages. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.  
0 	  If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please use our User Administration pages to adjust your preferences. (If you do not want to receive legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Notice, those notices will still govern your use of IMDb, and it is your responsibility to review them for changes.)  
0 	  If you do not want us to use personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalize advertisements we display to you, please adjust your Advertising Preferences.  
0 	  The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of IMDb's essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on.  
0 	 Children    IMDb is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. If you are under 13, you may not submit information about yourself to IMDb.  
0 	 Does IMDb.com Participate in the Safe Harbor Program-    As a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc., IMDb.com is a participant in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and (1) the European Union and (2) Switzerland, respectively. Amazon has certified that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles agreed upon by the U.S. and (1) the European Union and (2) Switzerland, respectively. For more information about the Safe Harbor and to view our certification, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor Web site.  
0 	In compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles, we endeavor to resolve all complaints about privacy and the collection or use of customer information. If you have questions about our participation in the Safe Harbor program or have a complaint, please send an e-mail to safeharbor@amazon.com.  
0 	Under the Safe Harbor program, any unresolved privacy complaints can be referred to an independent dispute resolution mechanism. We use the BBB EU Safe Harbor Program, which is operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you feel that we have not satisfactorily addressed your complaint, you can visit the BBB EU Safe Harbor Program web site at www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints for more information on how to file a complaint.  
0 	 Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions    If you choose to visit IMDb, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms and Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Washington.  
0 	If you have any concern about privacy at IMDb, please send us a thorough description to our help desk, and we will try to resolve it.  
0 	Our business changes constantly. This Notice and the Terms and Conditions of Use will change also, and use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Notice in effect at the time of use. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
0 	 Privacy Policy     2/11/15 12:11pm    This Privacy Policy covers all of the sites on the Kinja platform, which is created and owned by Kinja KFT ("Kinja", "us" or "we"). The Privacy Policy governs your access to and use of the services, websites, and applications offered by Kinja (the "Services"). Please read this statement carefully before using or proceeding to access Kinja. Your use of Kinja indicates that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and indicates your agreement to abide by the Terms of Use in effect and to be subject to this policy.  
1 	 1. Information Collection    Kinja or third parties may collect information from our users at several different points on Kinja.  
1 	  Mailing Lists & Service Emails - Kinja may launch a mailing list, in order to provide subscribers with relevant information - breaking news, or weekly or daily round-ups, for example. In order to sign up to receive regular emails from a site's mailing list, users must submit information including a valid email address and demographic information such as location and interests. This information may be used in aggregate form in order to assess general user interest in various internal and third party products and services. Your personal and contact information will not be passed to any other organization. Users who choose to sign up for a mailing list may receive regular emails from the site. Kinja may from time to time track user email usage in a continued effort to improve our services. Most of the time, these communications will consist of content from the site in question, but we may occasionally send out an email from a third party sponsor. Since editorial independence is critical to us, you can be sure that we will always mark sponsored content as such, including in emails. If you do not wish to receive emails from third party advertisers, please do not sign up for the mailing list.  
1 	  Comment Service and Account Information In order to further enhance the user experience, Kinja allows users to comment on some or all of Kinja sites, enabling users to discuss and contribute to topics posted to those sites. Users have the option of signing up for this service, and to do so must either submit some valid information or set up an anonymous account. Kinja uses this information to screen out users who leave comments prohibited by our Terms of Use, to make notifications to users when necessary, to pick out topics of interest to commenters, and in certain circumstances to create a Kinja "page" for each such user where such user's contributions are collected. You may link your account to certain Third Party Services and to do so, may be required to provide your login information for those services. If you login via a Third Party Service, we will receive an identifying token from that service, which will allow us to access some information from your account on that service, so that we can, for example, send you a message through that service. Kinja does not receive or store passwords from your Third Party Service and will not pass information provided when you register via a Third Party Service to any other organization except in aggregate form.  
1 	  Cookies Kinja or third parties may use cookies, web beacons, HTML5 local storage, java script, and other similar technologies to help us understand how you use the Services and help us provide the Services and advertising to you. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. We may use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once the user closes the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following the user's internet browser help file directions. We store a cookie on each user's machine that contains user specific information. You can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. If you reject all cookies, you will not be able to use Services that require you to "sign in," and you may not be able to take full advantage of all offerings. However, not all Services require that you accept cookies.  
0 	  Links Kinja contains links to other sites. Some of these links may be affiliate marketing links encoded by third parties. Such third parties do not collect any personally identifiable information unless you visit the referenced site. Please be aware that Kinja is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Kinja.  
0 	  Embedded Content You should also be aware that some content delivered through Kinja originates with another content provider. Such other content providers may place "cookies" on your computer, or otherwise gather information about you, including by asking you to provide information through the content player itself. Again, it is up to you to review the terms of use and privacy policy of the originators of such content.  
1 	  Log Files Like most standard Website servers we use log files to log certain information about how you use Kinja. We do not, however, collect IP addresses or log IP address information.  
1 	  In each case, we will collect and record the information you have provided. Other than names and email addresses provided at your discretion, we don't generally collect any "Personally Identifying Information" about our users (such as social security number, telephone number, street address, drivers license number, etc.). However, we may offer you the opportunity to submit other information about yourself (such as gender, age, occupation, hobbies, interests, zip code, etc.), which would then also be covered by this Privacy Policy.  
0 	  We do not respond to web browser "do not track" or other related mechanisms at this time.  
1 	 2. Advertising      Ad Serving The ads appearing on this website are delivered to you by our web advertising vendor Google's DoubleClick and/or by Kinja's own proprietary advertising delivery software. In order to serve ads to you, we may use information collected during your current search or visit to our websites and information that we specifically acquire from third parties. Data that we collect may be shared with some other third parties and is only used for proprietary ad delivery, ad reporting, and contextual advertising. These third parties do not have the right to use the information beyond the scope necessary to support our advertising and are usually bound by confidentiality requirements unless we disclose to you otherwise.  
0 	  Advertising and Cookies Some of our third party advertising partners may distribute cookies to users in advertisements that are provided to us. Kinja has no access to or control over these cookies once we have received the advertisements. Some of these advertisers and services we use to deliver advertising may be engaging in online behavioral advertising as defined by the Digital Advertising Alliance and FTC.  
0 	  Affiliate Advertising We participate in affiliate marketing and allow affiliate links to be encoded on some of our pages. This means that we may earn a commission when you click on or make purchases via affiliate links and affiliate partners may use cookies to understand your use of the Services.  
0 	  Kinja does not provide any Personally Identifiable Information to third-party advertising companies. Note, however, that if an advertiser asks Kinja to show an advertisement to users with certain characteristics (for example, women ages 18-24) or a segment of that group (for example, women ages 18-24 who have viewed certain categories of content) and you respond to that advertisement, the third-party advertising company may conclude that you have the characteristics of the audience that they are trying to reach.  
0 	  Opt-out As part of our commitment to transparency and your privacy, we provide the following links to opt-out of cookies provided by both our first party ad server and many third party advertising partners who may be engaging in online behavioral advertising:  
0 	  First Party Opt-out Please visit this link to opt-out of cookies from our first party ad serving vendor, Google: http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/  
0 	  Third Party and Online Behavioral Advertising Opt-out Please visit this link to opt-out of cookies from over 50+ major third party behavioral advertising providers: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/  
0 	 3. Business Transitions    In the event Kinja goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of a portion of its assets, users' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred.  
1 	 4. Contests, Sweepstakes, and Promotions    From time to time you may be able to participate in contests, giveaways, sweepstakes or other similar promotions we or third parties may sponsor. Participation may require sharing your personal information with us or third parties sponsoring the contest, giveaway, sweepstakes or promotion, and you should check the rules to determine how your information will be used and shared with others. Kinja may announce specific rules in connection with any such opportunity, but regardless of whether specific rules are announced, all such opportunities will be controlled by Kinja's "Contest Policies" set forth at Contest Guidelines. Any rules announced at the time of a contest will be in addition to the Contest Policies. In addition, as a condition to receiving any awards or prizes, you may be required to provide additional information, to sign a release, or to authorize the use of certain information about you in marketing materials. If a third party administers the contest, your participation may be subject to additional terms and conditions and that third party's privacy policy. We are not responsible for such third parties. You should carefully review the Contest Policies and these third parties' terms and conditions before deciding whether to participate in a contest publicized through the Service.  
0 	 5. Legal Disclaimer    Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, Kinja may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on Kinja or affiliates. If we're going to turn over information related to you, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide you with advance notice, unless we are prohibited from doing so by law or court order.  
0 	 6. Information Security    Kinja has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access to, use or disclosure of user information we maintain. Under our security practices and policies, access to personally identifiable information is authorized only for those who have a business need for such access, and sensitive records are to be retained only as long as necessary for business or legal needs and destroyed before disposal. Although we work hard to protect personal information that we collect and store, no program is one hundred percent secure and we cannot guarantee that our safeguards will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access, use or disclose personal information.  
0 	If you become aware of a security issue, please email us at legal [at] gawker [dot] com. We will work with you to address any problems.  
0 	 7. Notification of Changes    Whenever Kinja changes its privacy policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy page, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. The prior version of our Privacy Policy is found here (the version before that is found here) and more on why we've made the most recent changes here. You are responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any changes to this agreement.  
0 	 8. Contact Information    If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact the legal [at] gawker [dot] com, or by mail to Legal Department, 210 Elizabeth Street, Fourth Floor, New York, NY 10012.  
0 	 9. Last Update    This Privacy Policy was most recently updated February 11, 2015.  
0 	 Privacy Policy    Last Updated on June 10, 2015  
0 	This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for The New York Times newspaper and NYTimes.com (including international.nytimes.com, the online edition of The International New York Times), The New York Times Home Delivery website, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, The New York Times Store, Times Journeys and The New York Times Learning Network, our email newsletters and other applications owned and operated by The New York Times Company (collectively referred to as the "NYT Services"), and to any services that display this notice. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to "The New York Times" include NYTimes.com and The New York Times newspaper.  
0 	The New York Times Replica Edition, maintained by NewspaperDirect, is governed by its own Privacy Policy.  
0 	The New York Times advertising portal, for advertisers of The Times, also maintains a separate Privacy Policy.  
0 	The NYT Services may contain links to other websites for your convenience and information. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those sites.  
0 	This Privacy Policy covers:   What information do we gather about you-  What do we do with the information we collect about you-  With whom do we share the information that we gather-  What is our email policy-  How do I change or update my personal information-  How do I opt-out from receiving emails-  Is my information protected-  Compliance With Legal Process  Children's Guidelines  Your California Privacy Rights  Changes to This Privacy Policy 
0 	TRUSTe : The New York Times has received TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy statement and our practices have been reviewed for compliance with the TRUSTe program viewable on the validation page available by clicking the TRUSTe seal.  
0 	If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact TRUSTe at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.  
0 	The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through the NYTimes.com website. The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from this site.  
1 	 WHAT INFORMATION DO WE GATHER ABOUT YOU-    The information gathered when you interact with the NYT Services falls into two categories: 1) Personal information, which includes personal information you supply when you subscribe, order, complete a survey, register for one of our sites, enter a contest or provide your email address and 2) Non-personal information collected through technology, which includes tracking information collected by us as well as third parties.  
0 	 Personal Information That You Give Us Or Ask a Third Party to Share with Us    Registration Information  
1 	Registration for the NYT Services may require that you supply certain personal information, including a unique email address and demographic information (ZIP code, age, sex, household income, job industry and job title) to register.  
0 	You may register or enhance your profile by linking your Facebook or Google accounts on NYTimes.com. By doing this, you are asking them to send us certain information from those social media accounts, and you are authorizing us to collect, store, and use what they send us in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You can unlink your social media accounts or control what they share from their privacy controls.  
1 	Social media registration features may collect your IP address, the page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our web site.  
0 	You can disassociate your NYTimes.com registration from third-party accounts any time. For more detail, please see our Social Media FAQ.  
1 	Billing and Credit Card Information   To enable payment and donations via the NYT Services, we collect and store name, address, telephone number, email address, credit card information and other billing information. This information will only be shared with third parties who help to complete the purchase transaction. Examples of this include fulfilling orders and processing credit card payments.  
0 	User Generated Content and Public Activities (Including Comments, Reader Reviews and TimesPeople)   We offer you opportunities to engage in public activities on NYTimes.com and other NYT Services. "Public activities" are any actions you take on NYTimes.com that are designed to be visible to other users, including comments, recommendations, reader reviews, ratings or any other items that you submit. Any information you disclose in your public activities, along with your screen name or ID, or any image or photo, becomes public and may be used by The New York Times for online and offline promotional or commercial uses in any and all media. If you choose to engage in public activities, you should be aware that any personal information you submit can be read, collected and used by other users of these areas. We are not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in the course of your public activities and we have no responsibility to publish, take down, remove or edit any of your public activities or submissions. For more information, see the Comments FAQ and read the Forums, Discussions and User Generated Content section of the Terms of Service.  
0 	Public activities may be included in our RSS feeds, APIs and other distribution formats. As a result, your public activities may appear on other websites, blogs, or feeds. Keep in mind that we are not responsible for any personal information you choose to make public via your public activities, and you agree that such sharing will be deemed to have been done by you, not The New York Times. Please see our Comments FAQ for additional information.  
0 	When you share or recommend links to content on a third-party platform (such as Facebook, Google+ and Twitter), that action and any information you share will be covered by their privacy policy.  
1 	Contests, Sweepstakes and Special Offers   The New York Times collects personal information from you when you participate in sweepstakes, contests or special offers. If this information is also being collected by a third party other than The New York Times, we will notify you at the same time. If you do not want any personal information shared, you should not participate in the sweepstakes, contest or special offer.  
1 	 Reader Surveys, Reader Panels and Market Research    The New York Times may collect personal information from you in connection with voluntary surveys conducted via the NYT Services. Data may be collected through the NYT Services, on the phone or through the mail. The information you provide may be shared, but only in the aggregate, with advertisers and partners unless we notify you otherwise at the time of collection.  
1 	Members of our Reader Panels agree to participate in surveys, polls or discussions about their readership of The New York Times, their household/personal characteristics and their purchase behavior. Our panels are currently administered by Vision Critical and Beta Research.  
1 	Conferences and Live Events   We often receive information about attendees to our live events from sign-in and registration lists. We may share this information with event or promotion sponsors, in which case we will notify you when we collect the information.  
0 	 Non-Personal Information Collected Using Technology    Information Collected by Us Using Technology   We use various Internet technologies to manage the NYT Services and track use of the Services. Non-personal information that we collect using these technologies may be combined with other information about you.  
1 	Device Information. We may collect non-personal information about the computer, mobile device or other device you use to access the NYT Services, such as IP address, geolocation information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language and other transactional information.  
1 	Cookies, Beacons, Local Storage and Other Similar Technologies. We use "cookies," Web beacons, HTML5 local storage and other similar technologies. These technologies allow us to manage access to and use of the Services, recognize you and provide personalization, and help us understand how people use the NYT Services. You will not be able to access certain areas of our websites, including NYTimes.com, if your computer does not accept cookies from us. We do not respond to browser-based "do not track" signals. For more detailed information about our use of cookies and local storage, and how to manage them, see Frequently Asked Questions About Cookies and Similar Technologies in our Help section.  
0 	We may transmit non-personally identifiable website usage information to third parties in order to show you advertising for The New York Times when you visit other sites. For more information about our third-party ad server, or to learn your choices about not having this non-personal information used to target ads to you, please click here.  
1 	Analytics, Log Files and Reading History   As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses (the region or general location where your computer or device is accessing the Internet), browser type, operating system and other usage information about the use of the NYT Services, including a history of the pages you view.  
1 	We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you, including customized Recommendations, advertising and currency display, to improve marketing, and to track access and use of the NYT Services across the devices that you use to access the NYT Services.   For more information on the Recommendations feature, please read the Recommendations FAQ.  
0 	We have hired third parties to provide us information, reports and analysis about the usage, browsing patterns of our users. They may independently record the type of device and operating system you are using, general location information, as well as events that occur within our apps, such as how often you use our apps.  
1 	Location Information. Some of our mobile applications can deliver content based on your current location if you choose to enable that feature of the app. If you enable the location-based feature, your current location will be stored locally on your device, which will then be used by the app. If you elect to have a location-based search saved to your history, we will store that information on our servers. If you do not enable the location-based service, or if an app does not have that feature, the app will not transmit to us, and we will not collect or store, location information.  
0 	The ads in our apps are not targeted to you based on your current GPS location, but they may be targeted to you based on your ZIP code or device's IP address.  
0 	 Third Parties    Some of the services and advertisements included in the NYT Services, including on NYTimes.com and within our mobile apps, are delivered or served by third-party companies, which may collect information about your use of the NYT Services.  
0 	These companies may place or recognize cookies, Web beacons or other technology to track certain non-personal information about our website users. For example, in the course of serving certain advertisements, an advertiser may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser in order to collect certain information about your use of the NYT Services. For another example, an advertiser or ad server may also be able to collect your device's unique identifier in the course of serving an ad. In many cases, this information could be used to show you ads on other websites based on your interests.  
0 	We do not have access to, nor control over, these third parties' use of cookies or other tracking technologies or how they may be used.  
0 	Please click here to see a list of third parties that may be using cookies to serve advertising on our websites or in our apps. For example, we use Google to serve advertisements onto the NYT Services, which use the Google Doubleclick cookie, and in some cases, a unique device identifier, to show you ads based on your visit to NYTimes.com and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the Google Double click cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.  
0 	You have choices about the collection of information by third parties on our website:   1) If you would like more about your option not to accept advertiser cookies, please click here.   2) If you would like to opt-out of having interest-based ad targeting, click here.  
0 	Your access to our websites should not be affected if you do not accept cookies served by third parties.  
1 	 WHAT DO WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER ABOUT YOU-    Provide the Services You Request   We use the information we gather about you to enable your use of the NYT Services and fulfill your requests for certain products and services, such as sending out electronic newsletters and enabling you to participate in and renew paid services, polls, contests and message boards.  
1 	Statistical Analysis   We perform statistical, demographic and marketing analyses of users of the NYT Services, and their subscribing and purchasing patterns, for product development purposes and to generally inform advertisers about the nature of our subscriber base. We use this information for analysis purposes, including analysis to improve customer relationships.  
1 	Customizing Your Experience   We use the information that we collect to allow advertising to be targeted to the users for whom such advertising is most pertinent. We also use this information to customize certain features of the NYT Services to provide you with an enhanced experienced based on the type of device you are using to access the NYT Services, and in certain cases, provide you with requested services.  
0 	Relevant Advertising   We may use demographic and preference information to allow advertising on the NYT Service to be targeted to the users for whom they are most pertinent. This means users see advertising that is most likely to interest them, and advertisers send their messages to people who are most likely to be receptive, improving both the viewer's experience and the effectiveness of the ads. We disclose information to third parties only in aggregate or de-identified form.  
1 	Email Newsletters   The New York Times will periodically send you email newsletters or promotional email about services offered by The New York Times and its advertisers. For details about New York Times email, please see the section labeled " What Is Our Email Policy-"  
0 	 WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE THE INFORMATION THAT WE GATHER-    Within The New York Times   If you have registered to use the NYT Services, we will not sell, rent, swap or authorize any third party to use your email address without your permission.  
0 	In the future, we may sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses. In such transactions, we may include your information among the transferred assets.  
0 	Third Parties   We also share information about our audience in aggregate or de-identified form. Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to restrict our use or sharing of aggregated or de-identified information in any way.  
0 	If you are a print subscriber, we may exchange or rent your name and mailing address (but not your email address) and certain other information, such as when you first subscribed to The New York Times with other reputable companies that offer marketing information or products through direct mail. If you prefer that we do not share this information, you may opt-out by emailing us at opt-out@nytimes.com, or write to us at Customer Care, P.O. Box 8041 Davenport IA 52808-8041. Please include your account number and phone number in the body of your email or letter, and include "Opt-out" in the subject line.  
0 	We may share information about attendees to our live events with sponsors or other third parties. If so, we will notify you when you provide us the information.  
0 	Service Providers   We contract with other companies to provide services on our behalf, including credit-card and billing processing, ad serving, shipping, email distribution, list processing and analytics or promotions management. We provide these companies only with the information they need to perform their services. These service providers are restricted from using personal information in any way other than to provide services for The New York Times, and they may not share, resell or use the data for their own direct marketing purposes.  
0 	We reserve the right to disclose your opt-out information to third parties so they can suppress your name from future solicitations, in accordance with applicable laws. We may occasionally release personal information as required by law, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena. (For more information, see the "Compliance with Legal Process" section of this policy.)  
0 	 WHAT IS OUR EMAIL POLICY-    The New York Times complies with the federal CAN-SPAM Act of 2003. We will not send you marketing messages if you have opted out. You can choose not to receive messages in the future by either (1) following the "unsubscribe" instructions located near the bottom of each email, or (2) you can opt-out here. We will not share, sell, rent, swap or authorize any third party to use your email address for commercial purposes without your permission. If you feel you have received an email from us in error, please contact feedback@nytimes.com.  
0 	Email Newsletters. The New York Times offers several email newsletters. If you no longer wish to receive a specific newsletter, follow the "unsubscribe" instructions located near the bottom of each newsletter. To manage your newsletter preferences, please click here.  
0 	Survey Email. We may invite you to participate in user surveys asking for feedback on NYTimes.com and existing or prospective products and services, as well as information to better understand our users. User surveys greatly help us to improve the NYT Services, and any information we obtain in such surveys will not be shared with third parties, except in aggregate form.  
1 	Emails From You. If you send us an email, we will use your email address to respond directly to your questions or comments.  
0 	Email This Article Feature. Addresses you provide in the "Email" share feature may be saved for your convenience for future articles you may wish to email; but they are not used for any other purpose, and will not be shared with any third parties.  
0 	 HOW DO I CHANGE OR UPDATE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION-    The New York Times Home Delivery Web Account. You may update and/or edit your Home Delivery account information online at the Home Delivery website by clicking on the link for Update Account. Should you require assistance, please call our toll free number, 1-800-NYTIMES.  
0 	Manage Your NYTimes.com Account in the My Account Area. You may review and update your NYTimes.com membership or account information and access your transaction history in the My Account area.  
0 	Manage Your New York Times Events Account. Events include TimesTalks, Great Read in the Park, Arts and Leisure Weekend, Sunday with The Magazine and The New York Times Travel Show. To subscribe or unsubscribe from The New York Times Events email newsletter, please visit www.nytimes.com/events. Enter your email address in the field provided, select "unsubscribe" and click "submit."  
0 	 HOW DO I OPT-OUT-    If, at any time, you prefer not to receive email marketing information from us, simply follow the unsubscribe options at the bottom of each email.  
0 	If you experience difficulty with the unsubscribe process, feel free to contact us at feedback@nytimes.com and provide your email address along with the name of the newsletter from which you would like to unsubscribe.  
0 	Mail or Telephone Promotions   If, at any time, you prefer not to receive mail or telephone solicitations originated by The New York Times Home Delivery Department, or if you prefer that we do not share this information with third parties for marketing purposes, please email us at opt-out@nytimes.com or write to us at Customer Care, P.O. Box 8041, Davenport, IA 52808-8041. Please include your account number and phone number in the body of your email or letter, and put "Opt-out" in the subject line.  
0 	 IS MY INFORMATION PROTECTED-    To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls to protect the information. Please note that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.  
0 	Compliance With Legal Process   We may access, preserve and disclose personal information if we are required to do so by law or we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the NYT Services; or (4) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public (among other things, this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else, information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions).  
0 	Children's Guidelines   COPPA Compliance. Except for The Learning Network (see below), The New York Times does not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 13.  
0 	The Learning Network. The Learning Network is a blog for parents, teachers and students that is freely available outside of the New York Times digital subscription service, and does not require registration. Students 13 and older are invited to post comments with their first names only on any open posts in the blog in accordance with New York Times Commenting practice. Though an email address must be provided in order to post a comment, it is not shared or sold to third parties, and does not appear publicly on the blog. To review or remove the optional email address (personal information collected), please use this form to contact the Learning Network.  
0 	For any questions concerning The Learning Network, please contact Katherine Schulten, NYTimes.com, 620 Eighth Avenue, 2nd floor, New York, NY 10018. Telephone: (212) 556-8391.  
0 	Your California Privacy Rights   Under the California "Shine The Light" law, California residents may opt-out of the NYT's disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. As detailed above, you may choose to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by submitting a request in writing to Customer Care, P.O. Box 8041, Davenport, IA 52808-8041 or by emailing us at opt-out@nytimes.com. It is important to note that this opt-out does not prohibit disclosures made for non-marketing purposes.  
0 	Changes to This Policy   This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time. Any such changes will be posted on this page. If we make a significant or material change in the way we use your personal information, the change will be posted on this page thirty (30) days prior to taking effect and registered users will be notified via email.
0 	PRIVACY POLICY Freedom Communications, Inc. (Freedom) has agreed to sell the assets of the Lima News, Sedalia Democrat, Jacksonville Journal Courier and Alton Telegraph (the Properties) to an affiliate of Ohio Community Media, an Ohio-based publisher of community newspapers. This affiliate, called Testor FCI Acquisition, LLC (Publisher), plans to continue the Properties operations uninterrupted after the sale to provide readers with high quality local news services.  
0 	As part of this sale, Freedom will be transferring to Publisher customer data collected from users of the Properties websites. Customer data transferred to Publisher will be held and maintained by Publisher pursuant to Publishers respective privacy policies, which can be found at the following: http://lima.ohcommedia.com, http://sedalia.ohcommedia.com, http://jacksonville.ohcommedia.com and http://alton.ohcommedia.com. Please do not register or submit information to any of the Properties websites if you do not want your customer data transferred to Publisher.  
0 	This is the Privacy Policy for all Web sites owned or operated by Freedom Communications, Inc. ("Freedom" "we" or "our"), including, without limitation the Web sites listed here (collectively, the "Site"). We respect your privacy and appreciate the confidence you have placed in the Site. We are committed to protecting your privacy and preserving your trust. Please carefully review this Privacy Policy to learn about how we collect, use, and protect any personal information you provide us and your choices for managing your personal information. This Privacy Policy is subject to the User Agreement posted on the Site.  
0 	 Managing Information Preferences    We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or if you wish to exclude your personal information from our direct marketing purposes, please feel free to contact us at:   17666 Fitch   Irvine , CA 92614   E-mail: pp@freedom.com  
0 	If you would like to correct, update, or change your personal information with us please contact us the same way.  
1 	 What Types Of Information Do We Collect?    We collect information that may personally identify you (such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, billing information, or other data which can be reasonably linked to such information) only if you choose to share such information with us. For example, we may collect personal information from you when you register on the Site, subscribe to one of our services, enter sweepstakes, contests or other promotions, and at other times. We also collect credit card information in connection with any purchase you make on or through the Site. The decision to provide this information is optional; however, if you decide not to register or provide such information, you may not be able to use certain features of the Site or other services.  
1 	We may automatically collect non-personal information that does not identify an individual user, such as IP (internet protocol) address, ISP (internet service provider), the Web browser used to visit the Site, the time the Site is visited, which Web pages were visited on the Site, a unique mobile device identifier (in connection with the use of the Sites or related services from mobile devices) and other anonymous Site usage data.  
1 	We also use cookies (a small file containing a string of characters that uniquely identifies your Web browser) and Web beacons (an electronic file placed within a Web site that monitors usage). We use cookies and Web beacons to improve the quality of the Site. Most Web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your Web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, certain features of the Site may not work if you delete or disable cookies. Certain of our Service Providers (defined below) may use cookies and Web beacons in connection with the services they perform on our behalf, including, without limitation, ad serving.  
0 	 How Do We Use The Information We Collect?    We will not sell, share, or rent personal information to third parties, and we will not otherwise disclose personal information to third parties, without your permission, except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy.  
1 	We use personal information and non-personal information for internal purposes, including:     enhancing your experience at the Site;    performing administration and technical support for the Site;    enabling you to enter sweepstakes, contests and other promotions;    enabling you to use certain services and features available on or through the Site;    creating aggregate information about demographics and usage patterns;    inviting our promotional vendors and advertiserswith your permissionto call to your attention special offers, products and services that may be of interest to you; and    enabling purchases of goods and services.  
1 	We may use aggregate information to measure general Site usage patterns and characteristics of our user base, and we may include such aggregate information about our audience in reports to our commercial vendors. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics (for example, a certain percentage of our users live in a certain area) without your permission in order to describe our audience to existing and prospective advertisers or other third parties. However, this aggregate information does not reference names, phone numbers, e-mail addresses, or other personal information, and it is not traceable to a specific recipient or user e-mail address.  
0 	We also may share personal information with entities controlling, controlled by, or under common control with Freedom. In the event that Freedom is merged, or in the event of a transfer of our assets, we may disclose or transfer your personal information and non-personal information in connection with such transaction.  
0 	From time to time, we might establish a business relationship with other persons or entities whom we believe trustworthy and whom we have asked to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with ours ("Service Providers"). For example, we may contract with Service Providers to provide certain services including credit card processing, advertising, promotions, analytics tools, data management, Web hosting, and Web development. We provide our Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform these services. Each Service Provider must agree to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of your information in order to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure.  
0 	We may work with third-party advertising companies which may use information about your visit to the Site in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you on the Site and on third-party Web sites. From the Site, these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your computer or use other technologies such as Web beacons or pixel tags. Our Privacy Policy does not cover any use of information that a third-party advertisement serving company may collect from you. For more information about ad cookies and companies that provide users the ability to "opt-out" of the collection of information from such cookies, please click here.  
0 	Although unlikely, in certain instances we may disclose your personal information when we have reason to believe it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to Freedom or its affiliates, or to others. We may also disclose your personal information when we believe the law or legal process requires such disclosure. Please note that courts of equity, such as U.S. Bankruptcy Courts, may have the authority under certain circumstances to permit your personal information to be shared or transferred to third parties without your permission.  
0 	 Security    We use encryption and authentication tools to protect the security of personal information that you share with us. However, no data transmission over the Internet (or, with respect to our mobile services, over cellular phone networks) can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect personal information, we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from the Site, and you do so at your own risk.  
0 	 Links To Third-Party Web Sites    The Site may contain links to Web sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked Web sites may be different from our Privacy Policy. You access such linked Web sites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked Web site before disclosing any personal information on such site.  
0 	 Discussion Board, Forums and Other User Generated Content    Our online chat areas, bulletin boards, social networks, mobile messaging services, other public forums and user-generated content (i.e., photos, videos) can be a useful way for you to express yourself to other online users. When you post messages or otherwise use these features, the information that you provide (including personal information) may be publicly available to, collected by, and used by third parties. We are not responsible for the content of such messages or images posted by users or such disclosures of personal information.  
0 	 Children's Privacy Statement    We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our records.  
0 	 Policy Changes    If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting the changed Privacy Policy on the Site. Your continued use of the Site constitutes your agreement to abide by the Privacy Policy as changed. If you object to any such changes, your sole recourse shall be to cease using the Site.  
0 	TGI FRIDAYS PRIVACY POLICY   We want to make your online and mobile experiences satisfying and safe. We want to provide you with the means to control your privacy and give you a way to voice questions or concerns you may have.  
1 	When you use our digital or mobile application, certain information about your activity is collected. We use this information to determine our users' preferences, to design initiatives to meet those preferences, to eliminate hassles, and to generally make your TGI Fridays experience more satisfying. From time to time, we may initiate a program, service or survey that requests your name, birthday, email address, city of residence, ZIP code, or information about what you like and do not like about TGI Fridays. We recognize that the loyalty of our customers depends upon our relationships with them and we strongly support the rights of customers to maintain privacy of personal data. Don't worry, at TGI Fridays, your personal information is safe.  
0 	 LOGGING IN TO MOBILE APPLICATION    When you log in to our mobile application, you will be asked whether you want the mobile application to remember you. If you choose yes, the mobile application will remain logged in to your information. At any time you can choose to log out by choosing the logout button on the application.  
0 	 OUR COMMITMENTS TO YOUR FAMILY    Like you, we have children of our own and are concerned about their safety when they use the Internet. We want you and your family to be safe while visiting our website. That is why, consistent with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we do not offer program participation to minors and will never knowingly request information from children. For more information about protecting the privacy and safety of minors online, we recommend you visit http://www.ftc.gov/privacy/privacyinitiatives/childrens.html.  
1 	 WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?    We collect information in several different ways. We collect the domain name of visitors to our web pages, user-specific information on the pages visitors access, and information such as survey information or other information that you provide voluntarily. Like many other commercial websites, our website may employ a standard technology called a "cookie" to collect information about how our site is used. Our website provides a direct link (among others) to the TGI Fridays Give Me More Stripes Guest Recognition Program site ( www.givememorestripes.com) where, should you choose to enroll, you will be asked to submit personal information, which will be subject to the Give Me More Stripes terms and conditions, separate privacy policy and other policies. Our mobile application also allows enrollment in the Give Me More Stripes program by providing the same information. In addition, we may from time to time provide direct links to news or promotional sites featuring articles about TGI Fridays, which would be subject to those sites' policies.  
1 	 HOW THE INFORMATION IS USED    We use the information that we collect to understand your preferences and history using our website, mobile application and related services. With this information we make it easier and more rewarding for you to use our website, mobile application, any related services, and enjoy your guest experience at our restaurants (in the case of voluntary surveys).  
0 	Our ability to provide enhanced services may occasionally depend on our ability to develop summary reports for our advertising agents that contain raw numbers or statistics (but never tell them who it was that stated a preference or clicked an option).  
0 	It is our policy to never send messages to website users unless they request that we do so.  
0 	 WHO HAS ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION    The information that you provide is collected by TGI Fridays. In the case of links to our gift card and guest recognition sites, the information you voluntarily provide at those sites will only be shared with those service vendors who help TGI Fridays administer those websites or mobile application and the services they provide. In any case, TGI Fridays is the lawful "owner" of the information and each of these vendors may use the information only for the purpose of administering the digital or mobile application and its services for TGI Fridays, and will take all necessary precautions to protect the information. Ownership of any information you provide us will be held solely by TGI Fridays. We will not sell ownership of this data to any other company or organization.  
1 	We will not transfer information to competitors. Your information will always be used only to help us ensure that our website, mobile application and any related services meet your expectations. At TGI Fridays, your personal information is safe. We don't sell or lend your information to anyone, and only share information with the parties described above.  
0 	 INFORMATION DISTRIBUTION    It is our strict policy not to share your personal information or preferences with any third party, except as is necessary to operate and improve our digital or mobile application, or to provide any service requested by you on our digital or mobile application.  
0 	Although unlikely, we may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide personally identifiable information to the appropriate governmental authorities. If requested as part of a legal proceeding, we will provide this information upon receipt of the appropriate documentation.  
0 	It is not our usual policy, but from time to time we may permit other companies to place advertising on our website, and these companies may collect information about you through the use of cookies when you view or click their advertising or content (using the same techniques described above). Due to the way the Internet operates, we cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these advertisers or content providers if you have any questions about their use of the information they collect.  
0 	There may be links that will let you leave our digital or mobile application, such as when purchasing a TGI Fridays gift card or finding out more about the Give Me More Stripes Guest Recognition Program. Except for websites directly related to TGI Fridays programs and services, we cannot control the links or their websites and we are not responsible for the contents of any linked website or any link contained in a linked website. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of the website. The use and/or privacy provided by a linked website as to any information you provide in accessing that website is in no way subject to our privacy policy. Any linked website may have its own policy that could differ considerably from our policy, or the linked website may not display any privacy policy at all. In any case, even though a linked website is accessed through our website, we cannot be responsible for any use that a linked website may make of your information.  
0 	From time to time, TGI Fridays may engage in certain promotions and giveaways on its website. As part of registering for those giveaways, you may be asked whether you'd like to receive notifications via text message. If you agree to those communications, you may receive text messages regarding that promotion or giveaway. This messaging may be subject to text message and data rates. If you have opted in to receive email communications from TGI Fridays (and are NOT a Give Me More Stripes member) and wish to no longer receive those emails, you can click "unsubscribe" on any of those email messages, or Contact Us at http://www.tgifridays.com/contact.  
0 	 WHAT KIND OF SECURITY PROCEDURES ARE IN PLACE TO PROTECT THE LOSS, MISUSE OR ALTERATION OF INFORMATION UNDER THE COMPANY'S CONTROL    We operate secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers. Any particularly sensitive information, such as a customer's credit card number, is encrypted prior to transmission. To the extent that administration of the program requires us to grant our Service Vendors access to customer information, we insist that they implement similar controls.  
0 	 YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS    By using this site or mobile application, you agree to our Privacy Policy. We may also change the policy from time to time, so please be sure to visit this site often to see if anything has changed. If we post changes and you continue to use the site, you will be deemed to have agreed to the changes.
0 	Walmart Privacy Policy    Last Updated: March 2015   
0 	At Walmart, our customers are number one - always. That's why everything we do is focused on providing excellent customer service and delivering low prices. The information you share with Walmart allows us to provide the products and services you need and want while giving you the very best shopping experience.  
0 	Our founder Sam Walton reminded us that "a promise we make is a promise we keep," and it's our promise to customers that we respect the trust you place in us and the privacy of the information you share. Part of providing superior customer service includes making sure that we're building a relationship of trust with customers. Our way of doing that is to let you know in a clear, prominent, and easily accessible way how we collect, use, share, and above all protect your personal information.  
0 	Our Policy outlines:     How and why we collect your personal information;     How your personal information is used and protected;     When and with whom we share your personal information; and     What choices you can make about how we collect, use, and share your personal information.  
0 	 What Does Our Privacy Policy Include?    Our Policy covers how and why we collect, use, protect, and share your personal information:   At Walmart and Amigo retail stores in the United States and Puerto Rico, and     On our websites and mobile services where this Policy is posted. Our Policy focuses on personal information - - information that identifies you or reasonably can be linked to information that identifies you.  
0 	Our Policy covers how and why we collect, use, protect, and share your personal information. This Policy applies to personal information we collect at Walmart and Amigo retail stores in the United States and Puerto Rico and through our websites and mobile services where this Policy is posted.  
1 	Our Policy focuses on personal information - - information that identifies you or reasonably can be linked to information that identifies you. For example, when you place an item on layaway or place an order online, we collect personal information, such as name, address, phone number, and credit or debit card information.  
0 	We have additional, specific privacy notices related to some of our specialized operations. For example, our Health Wellness operations (pharmacy and vision center) have a specific Notice of Privacy Practices for their personal information practices. Our specialized notices can be found here.  
0 	 What Is Our Pledge of Accountability?    We require our associates, business partners, and service providers to manage your personal information properly.  
0 	We have designated a team of trained associates who are responsible for helping to ensure compliance with this Policy. We require all those who manage customers' personal information to do so properly and in accordance with our policies.  
1 	 What Type of Information Do We Collect?    We collect two types of information: (1) information we receive from you and (2) information we receive from others. Information we receive from you includes information you share with us, such as when you create an account on one of our websites. This also includes information you provide us through technology, such as through a cookie placed on your computer when you visit our websites. We also receive information from other sources to help us supplement our records, improve the personalization of our service to you, and detect fraud. Our goal is to limit the information we collect to the information needed to support our business.  
1 	We collect information to deliver the products and services you request and to help improve your shopping experience. Our goal is to limit the information we collect to the information needed to support our business. We collect information from you in a variety of ways when you interact with our stores, websites, and mobile services. We collect information in two ways: information we receive from you and information we receive from others.  
1 	 Information We Receive From You    You share information with us in various ways in our stores and online. For example, you share information when you:     Make an in-store or online purchase, or other transaction, with us;     Create an account on one of our websites or mobile services;     Use a gift registry or create a mobile shopping list;     Participate in our programs, such as Savings Catcher or eReceipts;     Conduct a transaction or request a service where we collect information (including when required by law, such as hunting and fishing licenses);     Request customer service or contact us;     Post a review or comment on one of our social media pages, or post a rating, review or other user-generated content on one of our websites or mobile services; and     Participate in a contest, sweepstake, promotion, or survey.  
1 	When you engage in these activities, you may share different types of personal information with us, such as your name, email address, physical or postal address, phone number, date of birth, and payment information.  
1 	You also provide us information in other ways through technology. Some of this information may be linked to you personally. This information helps our websites and mobile services work correctly and supports our customer marketing and analytics efforts - - our work to understand our customers' needs and provide information about our products and services. Here are some examples:  
1 	 Device Information:  We collect technical information when you visit our websites or use our mobile applications or services. This includes information such as Internet Protocol (IP) address, the type of mobile device you use, your device operating system and browser type, a unique device identifier, the address of a referring websites, the path you take through our websites, and other information about your session on our websites.  
1 	 Browsing Information:  We use technologies such as cookies, web beacons, and mobile device identifiers to collect information about the use of our websites and mobile services. Cookies allow us to provide you relevant information as you use or return to our sites. Web beacons allow us to know if a certain page was visited, an email was opened, or if ad banners on our websites and other sites were effective. We use these tools to provide a continuous and more personalized shopping experience for you. See "What Are Your Choices?" below for more information.  
1 	 Location Information:  We may collect information about your location when your device is set to provide location information. For example, your device's GPS signal allows us to show you the nearest Walmart stores. We may be able to recognize the location of a mobile device in stores where we provide customers free WiFi access. Through mobile services, Bluetooth technology in our stores allows us to show you nearby products that may interest you. See "What Are Your Choices?" below for more information.  
0 	 Cameras:  We operate cameras in store for security and operational purposes, for example, to help us improve the design of our stores to better serve our customers.  
1 	 Information We Receive From Other Sources    We receive information about you from other sources to help us correct or supplement our records, improve the quality or personalization of our service to you, and prevent or detect fraud. We collect personal information from consumer reporting agencies in conjunction with products or services that involve financial risk to Walmart, such as transactions in which Walmart extends you financing.  
1 	 How Do We Use Your Personal Information?    We use your personal information to provide you products and services, such as to fulfill your requests for products or to help us personalize our offerings to you. We also use your personal information to support our business functions, such as fraud prevention, marketing, and legal functions.  
1 	We use your personal information to offer and provide you products and services and to support our business functions. These business functions include order and service fulfillment, internal business processes, marketing, authentication, loss and fraud prevention, public safety and legal functions. Some examples include:     To fulfill your requests for products and services and communicate with you about those requests;     To register and service your account;     To administer contests, sweepstakes, promotions, and surveys;     To provide customer service and alert you to product information, including recalls;     To help us personalize our service offerings, websites, mobile services, and advertising;     To help us improve your experience in our stores and through our websites and mobile services;     To send you information about our products, services, and promotions;     To respond to reviews, comments, or other feedback you provide us; and     To protect the security and integrity of our websites, mobile services, and our business. To do this, we combine personal and non-personal information, collected online and offline, including information from third party sources. We also transfer or share your personal information within our corporate family of companies, such as with Sam's Club, for these purposes, as permitted by law.  
0 	 How Do We Share Your Personal Information Outside of Walmart?    We will not sell or rent your personal information. We may share your personal information in limited circumstances, such as to conduct our business, when legally required, or with your consent.  
0 	We will not share your personal information outside of our corporate family of companies, except in the following circumstances:  
0 	 Service Providers    We share personal information about you with service providers that help with our business activities, including shipping vendors, billing and refund vendors, payment card processors, and companies that help us improve our products and services. We require our service providers to keep your personal information secure. We do not allow our service providers to use or share your personal information for any purpose other than providing services on our behalf. Your personal information may be stored and processed by our service providers in the United States or other locations where the service providers or Walmart maintain facilities.  
0 	 Products and Services Offered by Other Businesses    We will sometimes enable other businesses to make products or services available to our customers, such as through Walmart.com Marketplace retailers. You may purchase products or services from these other businesses at our stores or through our websites or mobile services. We indicate when products or services are offered by other businesses and share with these businesses personal information related to your purchase of their products and services.  
0 	 Legal Requirements and Protection of Our Company and Others    We may share your personal information in other special circumstances, which include situations when sharing is required by law, or we believe sharing will help to protect the safety, property, or rights of Walmart, our customers, our associates, or other persons. Examples include:     Protecting the health or safety of customers;     Addressing crimes committed on Walmart property;     Identifying and addressing fraud or financial risk;     Providing personal information from cameras to law enforcement at their written request;     Responding to a search warrant or other valid legal inquiry; and     Responding to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or violation of law.  
0 	 Business Transfers    In the event that all or a part of our business is merged, sold or reorganized (including transfers made as a part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings), personal information about you could be shared with the successor business. We will use reasonable measures to help ensure that any successor treats your information in accordance with this Policy.  
0 	 With Your Consent    In any circumstance other than those described above, we will ask for your affirmative consent before we share your personal information outside of our corporate family of companies, and we also will not sell or rent your personal information.  
0 	 What are Your Choices?    You have choices about the various ways we collect, use, and share your personal information.   We may send you marketing communications. You can tell us your marketing preferences by visiting our Communication Preferences Alerts page.     We also personalize your experience on our sites and mobile services by showing you advertisements from Walmart or our advertising partners that are tailored to your interests. Learn more about interest-based advertising, including how to opt out.     Some of our mobile services use your device's location information. You can adjust the settings of your mobile device at any time to control whether your device communicates this location information. We may also offer additional controls on our use of your mobile location information.  
0 	We want to offer you choices about the different ways we collect, use, or share your personal information. These choices are described below.  
0 	 Marketing Preferences    When we are sending marketing communications to you, we use the following standards:     We use an opt-in standard for phone and text messages. We use an opt-in standard for sharing personal information with companies outside our corporate family of companies for their use in direct marketing, such as sending you promotions. Opt-in means we will only conduct the activity with your affirmative consent.     We use an opt-out standard for email or for other communications, such as postal mail. Opt-out means we may contact you, but will stop upon your request (as described below). Please note that these standards may not apply to communications regarding our Health Wellness operations, such as prescription reminders. For more information see the Health Wellness Notice of Privacy Practices.  
0 	Additionally, these standards may not apply to Walmart-branded credit card offerings because these are provided through associated financial institutions. However, you can choose to stop receiving certain prescreened offers of credit that originate from participating nationwide credit reporting agencies, including our prescreened offers, by calling the official Consumer Credit Reporting Industry organization at 1-888-567-8688 or by going to www.optoutprescreen.com.  
0 	You can provide us with your marketing preferences by visiting our Communication Preferences Alerts page. The Communication Preferences Alerts page allows you at any time to update or change your preferences about receiving marketing materials. Or you may contact the Privacy Office as described in the " Contact Us" section below.  
0 	If you contact us by email or mail, please be sure to include your full name, the types of communications you would like to receive or not receive, and your related contact information. For instance, if you would like to opt-out of mail, include your mailing address. Please allow sufficient time for your marketing preferences to be processed. It may take up to ten days to process your requests related to email and up to 30 days to process your requests related to telephone calls, text messages, and sharing information with your consent. Please note that postal mailings are often prepared many weeks in advance, and you may continue to receive mail for six to ten weeks.  
0 	Since we do not accept opt-out requests from third parties, such as catalog opt-out services, please communicate your request directly to us through one of the mechanisms mentioned above.  
1 	Please know that, even if you opted out of receiving marketing communications from us, we may still contact you for transactional or informational purposes. Some examples are contacts for customer service, product information, service or reminder notices, customer surveys, or recalls. We may also need to contact you with questions or information regarding your order.  
1 	 Interest-Based Advertising Preferences    We personalize your experience on our sites and mobile services by showing you advertisements that are tailored to your interests. For example, if you browse or shop for electronics with us or on other sites, we may show you ads for electronics as you continue to browse the Internet. For more information about browsing information see "Information We Receive From You."  
0 	We show you advertisements related to Walmart or our advertising partners. We belong to ad networks that may use your browsing history across participating websites and mobile services to show you interest-based advertisements. You may also see ads for Walmart on participating websites and mobile services based on how you browse. We do not share personal information about you with companies that advertise on our websites without your consent. Learn more about interest-based advertising, including how to opt out.  
1 	 Mobile Location Settings    Some of our mobile services use your device's location information. You can adjust the settings of your mobile device at any time to control whether your device communicates this location information. See your device instructions to learn more about these settings. In addition, we may offer you controls on our use of your mobile location information. See "What Types of Information Do We Collect?"above for more information on the types of location information we collect.  
0 	 How Do You Access and Update Your Personal Information?    We provide you with various ways to access or update your personal information, including contact and account information. We also take reasonable steps to keep your personal information accurate and complete.  
0 	We take reasonable steps to keep your personal information accurate and complete. You can access or update your personal information, including contact or account information, in the following ways:  
0 	  If you have created an account on one of our websites, log into your account. Once you do, you will be able to enter and update your own contact information and payment information, as well as contact information for recipients you have designated.  
0 	  Contact us through one of the ways listed in the "Contact Us" section at the bottom of this Policy. Please include your current contact information, the information you are interested in accessing, and your requested changes. We will provide you the personal information requested if it is reasonably available, unless it infringes on the privacy of other individuals, and subject to reasonable limitations provided by law and internal procedures. Otherwise we will describe the types of information we typically collect. We will provide access and make the changes you request, or will provide an explanation of what actions we will be able to take with regard to the request.  
0 	  If you need to access your personal information related to a specified service provided to you by a Walmart service provider or business partner, we will refer you to the service provider or business partner. Please contact us via the "Contact Us" section below.  
0 	If you need assistance accessing records related to your Vision Center, Pharmacy, or financial services information, please visit the "What Are Your Privacy Protections for Specific Types of Personal Information?"section.  
0 	 How Do We Secure Your Personal Information?    We recognize the importance of maintaining the security of our customers' personal information. We use reasonable security measures, including physical, administrative, and technical safeguards to protect your personal information.  
0 	We recognize the importance of maintaining the security of our customer's personal information. We have a team of associates who are responsible for helping to protect the security of your information. Whether you are shopping on our websites, through our mobile services, or in our stores, we use reasonable security measures, including physical, administrative, and technical safeguards. These measures may include security access controls or other physical security safeguards, information security technologies and policies, procedures to help ensure the appropriate disposal of information, and training programs.  
0 	Here are some examples of security measures we use to protect your personal information:     Passwords are required to access your online account and help to protect your account information. Please keep this password confidential.     Encryption technology, called Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), helps to protect personal information in certain areas of our websites during transport across the Internet. The presence of SSL encryption may be indicated by https in the browser URL or the image of a closed lock or solid key in the browser window. These indications may not be present in mobile services that use SSL.     For payment card information, we use secured networks, encryption or other protection of cardholder data, physical and technical access controls, monitoring and tests of security systems, and other information security practices to help to protect your information.  
0 	To learn more about measures you can take to protect the security of your personal information, please click here.  
0 	 How Does Walmart Protect the Privacy of Children Online?    Our websites and mobile services are intended for a general audience and are not directed to children.  
0 	We recognize the importance of protecting children's online privacy. Our websites and mobile services are intended for a general audience and are not directed to children. In order to protect the privacy of children, Walmart websites and mobile services knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 only with prior parental consent or as permitted by law. Please Contact Us if you believe we may have collected information from your child through our websites or mobile services and we will work to delete it.  
0 	 What Are Your Privacy Protections for Specific Types of Personal Information?    In addition to this Policy, we have specific privacy notices for some of our specialized operations, including a specific Notice of Privacy Practices for our Health Wellness operations and a description of privacy protections for financial products and services available in our stores.  
0 	We have additional specific notices for our personal information practices related to some of our specialized operations. For example:     Our Health Wellness operations (Pharmacy and Vision Center) have a specific Notice of Privacy Practices for its information practices related to health information.     Walmart makes a variety of financial products and services available to you, either directly or in connection with business partners. A description of privacy protections related to financial products and services is available here.     This policy applies to customer personal information Walmart collects in the United States and Puerto Rico. Walmart maintains separate privacy policies applicable to its international operations.  
0 	 Who Can I Contact at Walmart About the Privacy Policy?    You can contact the Walmart Privacy Office online or by postal mail.  
0 	Contact Customer Service for store experience, marketing preferences, and general feedback/questions.  
0 	Contact the Privacy Office - Please feel free to contact the privacy office with any questions or comments about this Policy or about how your personal information is handled. You can also contact us via the address below:   Mail:  Walmart Corporate  Privacy Office, MS 0160  702 SW 8th Street  Bentonville, AR 72716-0160  
0 	 What Are Your California Privacy Rights?    Our Privacy Policy describes how we share information for marketing purposes. The Policy and rights apply to all customers, including California residents.  
0 	Our Privacy Policy describes how we share information for marketing purposes. The Policy and rights apply to all customers, including California residents:     We share personal information with others outside of Walmart for direct marketing of their products only if we have your affirmative consent (opt in). See "How Do We Share Your Personal Information Outside Walmart?"     We share personal information with other businesses within our corporate family, such as Sam's Club and Vudu. See "How Do We Use Your Personal Information?"  
0 	Please Contact Us with any questions, or to request a list of third parties to whom we may share personal information for their marketing purposes and the categories of information we may disclose.  
0 	 How Will I Know if this Policy Changes?    We will provide additional notice of significant updates. We will post the date our Policy was last updated at the top of the Privacy Policy.  
0 	Please check our Privacy Policy periodically for changes. We will provide additional notice of significant updates. We will post the date our Policy was last updated at the top of the Privacy Policy.
0 	 Privacy Policy    Minnesota Vikings Website Privacy Policy  
0 	Posted: October 17, 2013  
0 	This privacy policy applies to the Minnesota Vikings' website located at www.vikings.com and www.minnesotavikings.com (the "Website"). The purpose of this privacy policy is to disclose to you what information we may collect, how we may collect it, with whom we may share it, and certain other matters related to such information, including the choices you have regarding our collection of information and our use and disclosure to other parties of information we may have collected from you.  
0 	The Website is operated by the Minnesota Vikings Football, LLC.  
0 	The Minnesota Vikings has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. The TRUSTe program covers information collected through this Web site, www.vikings.com and www.minnesotavikings.com and does not cover information that may be collected through our mobile applications. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us here. If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here.  
0 	When this privacy policy uses the term "personally identifiable information" or "personal information," we mean information that identifies a particular individual, such as your full name, street address or email address. When other information, such as a favorite team or player, is associated with personal information, it also becomes personally identifiable information for the purposes of this privacy policy.  
0 	Please read the information below to learn more about our data collection policies and practices. 1. Types Of Information That May Be Collected   2. How Information May Be Collected   3. How We Use The Information Collected   4. With Whom The Information May Be Shared   5. Security   6. Links To Other Websites   7. A Special Note For Parents Concerning Privacy   8. Notification Of Changes And Your Acceptance Of The Privacy Policy   9. Correcting/Updating Personal Information   10. Your California Privacy Rights   11. Questions About This Privacy Policy  
0 	Types of information that may be collected   The following are the types of information we may collect:  
1 	Information You Provide Us: In the course of using the website, we may ask you to provide us with certain information, including contact information, such as your as name, mailing address, email address, phone number, or fax number, unique identifiers, such as your user ID, user password, demographic information, such as your date of birth, age, gender, occupation, ticket holder status, game attendance, financial information, such as your credit card number or similar information.  
1 	Site Usage Information: We may receive and store certain types of internet usage information whenever you visit the Website, such as your click-stream data and your IP address. See "IP Addresses and Click Stream Data" section below.  
1 	Email Communications: When you open emails from us, we may receive a confirmation noting you opened the email, if your computer supports such capabilities. We also may keep track of what emails we send you and what emails you may be receiving from our subsidiaries and affiliates. Additionally, we keep a record of what communications you have opted to receive or not to receive.  
1 	How information may be collected   We may collect information from you in several different areas on the Website, including but not limited to those described below:  
1 	Registration: You may be asked to complete a registration form and provide personally identifiable information; you may also be asked to choose a user ID and password in order to take advantage of certain features the Website may choose to offer, such as newsletters or contests. Participation in registration is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to the Website.  
1 	Tell-A-Friend: If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. The Minnesota Vikings store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.  
0 	Your friend may contact us at website@vikings.nfl.com, admin@vikingscontests.com, admin@vikingsnewsletter.com to request that we remove this information from our database.  
0 	Newsletters and Website Emails: We offer free newsletters to share information with you about the Website, about us and our affiliates and subsidiaries, or about our marketing partners and advertisers and sponsors. You may receive a newsletter either by registering for a particular newsletter or in conjunction with a special feature or membership for which you have registered on the Website. Participation is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to the Website. You may also cancel your free email subscription by following the instructions provided on the Website or in the newsletter or email us at website@vikings.nfl.com, admin@vikingscontests.com, admin@vikingsnewsletter.com.  
1 	Contests or Sweepstakes: We periodically operate contests and sweepstakes through the Website that may require registration or the submission of personal information. Participation is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to the Website. Your personally identifiable information may be used to contact you for winner notification, prize delivery confirmation or other related purposes, (see the rules of each contest for details about how your personal information will be used). We may also ask your permission to allow us to publicly post some of your information on the Website, such as on a winner's page, in the event you win a contest or sweepstakes. Except as required by applicable law, we will not post your information without your permission. In some instances, a third party advertiser or sponsor may operate or host a contest or sweepstakes on the Website, and collect your information. In those cases, where we are not the operator or host of the contest or sweepstakes, we do not collect your information and we have no control over the information collected from you. Accordingly, we urge you to review the advertiser's or sponsor's privacy policy applicable to the contest or sweepstakes before participating.  
1 	Surveys or Voting: From time-to-time we may request personally identifiable information from you in conjunction with a survey or voting poll. Participation is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to the Website.  
1 	Cookies: As with many Websites, our Website uses a technology called "cookies." A cookie is a unique, random number that is stored in the browser on your computer. The cookie doesn't actually identify you, just the computer that is used to visit the site. Cookies automatically identify your browser to the Website whenever your computer is used to visit the Website. Cookies also let us know how many people visit our website and where visitors go on the site. In addition, cookies can let us know non-personally identifiable information, like what web browser is being used to access the website. For registered users, cookies can make using the Website easier for you by saving information such as your passwords or preferences. By tracking how and when you use the Website, cookies help us determine which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the Website are based on data obtained from cookies. Accepting cookies allows you, among other things, to personalize your experience on the Website. Cookies may also allow the Website to present to you advertising which may be of interest to you. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, your browser should contain an option that allows you to disable or delete cookie data at any time. Some areas of the Website, however, may not provide you with a personalized experience if you have disabled the use of cookies. Cookies are not tied to personal information.  
0 	 Third Party Cookies    The use of cookies by our [partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, service providers] is/is not covered by our privacy statement. We do/do not have access or control over these cookies. Our [partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, service providers] use session ID cookies [to make it easier for you to navigate our site, in order for you to use the shopping cart, etc.]  
1 	Web beacons   Our Web pages contain electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) and are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our site is used and may be used in some of our emails to let us know which emails and links have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our customer communications and marketing campaigns.  
1 	IP Addresses and Click-Stream Data: We may collect IP addresses and/or click-stream data. An IP address is a number associated with the service through which you access the Internet, like your ISP (Internet service provider), your company, or your university. Standing alone, your IP address is not personally identifiable. At times, we also use IP addresses for purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers and sponsors, for example regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of our sites. We may combine this information with personally identifiable information. Click-stream data is information collected by our computers when you request Web pages from the Website. Click-stream data may include such information as the page served, the time, the source of the request, the type of browser making the request, the preceding page view and other such non-personal information. When analyzed, this data helps us analyze how visitors arrive at the Website, what type of content is most popular, what type of visitors in the aggregate are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising, and the like.  
1 	Transaction Information: If you conduct a financial transaction with our Website, such as order information from our Website, buy our products, or subscribe to services offered on our Website, we will ask you to complete an order form that will request certain information from you, including contact information, demographic information and financial information. We will use this information to complete the transaction that you have requested, i.e., to deliver the information, products or other services that you order, and to invoice you. For your protection, such information is collected and stored through encrypted means.  
1 	How we use the information collected   Aggregate Information: As applicable, the information you provide to us may be used to:   contact you about the Website;  contact you relating to your membership status;  confirm or fulfill an order you have made;  inform you of a prize you have won;  monitor or improve the use of the Website;  customize the advertising and content you see;  monitor compliance with our terms and conditions of use of the Website; and  send you promotional material or special offers on behalf of our marketing partners and/or their respective affiliates and subsidiaries and other third parties.  
0 	With whom the information may be shared   At times, we may share your personal information with others for various purposes. The following outlines the ways in which your information may be shared with others and the ways in which you may opt-out of having your information shared:  
0 	Agents: We employ other businesses, certain services and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, sending e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, Website analysis, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They may have access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for their own purposes, like sending you marketing offers about their products.  
0 	Here are three urls of third parties that display the team site's branding/frame. Any information provided is directly collected by the third party even though the pages have the look at feel of the team site. The respective third parties' privacy policy shall apply to these areas. https://www.vikingsnewsletter.com/Register.jsp  http://vikingmerchandise.com/vikings/customer/home.php  https://oss.ticketmaster.com/html/home.htmI?team=vikingsl=ENSTAGE=1  
0 	Aggregate Information: We may share aggregate information, such as demographics and Website usage statistics, with advertisers, sponsors or other organizations. When this type of information is shared, the other parties do not have access to your personally identifiable information.  
0 	Other Promotional Offers: We may send offers to you on behalf of our marketing partners. When we do this, we do not give that partner your name and address. If you do not want to receive such offers, you may email us at website@vikings.nfl.com, admin@vikingscontests.com, admin@vikingsnewsletter. com, use the opt out method detailed in the email or change your preferences by logging into your account.  
0 	Third-Party Ad Serving Audience and Traffic Measurement Services: The Website may use a third party network advertiser to serve the advertisements on the Website or may use a traffic measurement service to analyze the traffic on the Website. Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to this Website and other Websites you have visited. Third-party ad serving enables us to target advertisements to you for products or Websites you might be interested in. Audience and Traffic Measurement Services allow us to collect anonymous traffic and behavior information from our Website by monitoring anonymous visitor activity. Although advertisers or other companies do not have access to the Website cookies, the Website's advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own cookies on your computer if you choose to have your cookies enabled in your browser. Cookies allow third party advertisers to show you advertisements or content you might be interested in. Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Please click here (Not In Use At This Time) in order to learn more about the information collection practices and "opt-out" procedures of third party ad servers we may use. Business Transfers: In the event that all or substantially all of our assets are sold or transferred to another party, or another transaction occurs in which your personally identifiable information is one of the business assets transferred, all personally identifiable information that has been collected and saved may be one of the business assets we transfer. See "  Your acceptance of the privacy policy and notification of changes to the policy".  section below  
0 	Administrative or Legal Process: Your personal information may be transferred to third parties without notice to you in order to comply with applicable law, law enforcement agencies, to protect our rights, or protect the rights of other users of this website.  
0 	Links to other websites   You should be aware that when you are on the Website you could be directed to other Websites beyond our control. For example, if you "click" on a banner advertisement, the "click" may take you off the Website onto a different Website. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and marketing partners that may use the Website's logo as part of a co-branding agreement. These other Websites may send their own cookies to you, independently collect data or solicit personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. If you visit a Website that is linked to our Website, you should consult that Website's privacy policy before providing any personal information.  
0 	Security   This Website incorporates reasonable safeguards to protect the security, integrity, completeness, accuracy and privacy of the personal information that we may collect and we have put into place reasonable precautions to protect such information from loss, misuse and alteration. Your personally identifiable information is transferred to our computers utilizing encryption software. Only those employees who need access to your information in order to do their jobs are allowed access. Our security policies are reviewed periodically and revised as required.  
0 	A special note for parents concerning privacy   The Website is a general audience Website. We do not currently collect any personal information from children under the age of thirteen on the Website. If in the future, we collect personally identifiable information from children, it will do so in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (15 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.) including, without limitation, obtaining necessary parental consent. For more information about the privacy practices for our affiliated children's Website, NFLPlayFootball.com, please consult the privacy policy at the children's Website.  
0 	The Internet offers children wonderful educational and entertainment resources. Your guidance and involvement are essential to help ensure that children have a safe and rewarding online experience. We encourage you to visit the Direct Marketing Association's Web Website (www.the-dma.org) and explore the Get CyberSavvy! Program as well as the GetNetWise Website (www.getnetwise.org) to learn more about parental control tools.  
0 	Your acceptance of the privacy policy and notification of changes to the policy   By using this Website, you signify your agreement to the terms of our privacy policy. We may amend this privacy policy at any time. If we make a material change to the way in which we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will post a notice on our website and / or send an email to users who have provided an email address. We will assume that you have given your permission for your information to be used under the terms of the new privacy policy, if you do not respond to our email within thirty days or continue to use the Website thirty days after a notice is posted. Please note that you should always update your personal information to provide us with a current email address.  
0 	Correcting/updating personal information   If your personally identifiable information changes (such as your email address or zip code), or if you no longer desire to access our Website, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update, delete or remove the personal data you have provided to us. This can be done by making changes to your profile, by using an opt out message in an email, or by emailing us at website@vikings.nfl.com, admin@vikingscontests.com, admin@vikingsnewsletter.com.  
0 	Data Retention   We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at [email address]. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.  
0 	Your California privacy rights   A California privacy law that went into effect on January 1, 2005, allows California residents to obtain specific information about a business's privacy practices if it shares information with other companies for those companies' direct marketing purposes. As explained in this privacy policy, whenever you agree to let us collect personal information about you, we will always provide you with an option to prevent this information from being shared for non-administrative purposes with third parties. You can exercise this option at any time by following the steps outlined above.  
0 	Because this website has a comprehensive privacy policy and provides you with details on how you may opt-in / opt-out of the use of your personal information by third parties for direct marketing purposes, we are not required to provide you with this information.  If you are a California resident and have questions about our compliance with this law, please send an email to website@vikings.nfl.com or write to us at: CA Privacy Rights, Minnesota Vikings, 9520 Viking DriveEden Prairie MN 55344.  
0 	Questions about this privacy policy   If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the privacy practices of this Website, contact the Minnesota Vikings at website@vikings.nfl.com.   Questions regarding this statement should be directed to:   Attn: Website Privacy Policy  Minnesota Vikings  9520 Viking Drive  Eden Prairie MN 55344
0 	 Privacy Policy    Effective Date: January 1, 2013.  
0 	The Media Research Center (THE MRC or we) is the owner and operator of NewsBusters.org (the Website), a multimedia news and commentary website.  
0 	In this Privacy Policy (Policy), we describe the information that we collect about you as you use our Website and our products and services contained in our Website (collectively, our Services). This Policy applies to information that we collect online and offline.  
0 	We are operated entirely within the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please note that any information including personal data that we collect about you will be transferred to and processed in the United States. You hereby consent to these transfers.  
0 	WHAT TYPES OF INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?     PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM AND ABOUT YOU    INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY WHEN USING OUR SERVICES   HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?   WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT?   HOW CAN YOU MAKE CHOICES ABOUT THE INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU?   ADVERTISING   LINKS TO OTHER (THIRD PARTY) WEBSITES   HOW DO WE SECURE YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION?   CHILDREN   CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY   SPECIAL NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS   HOW TO CONTACT US  
1 	 I. WHAT TYPES OF INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?     A. Personally Identifiable Information We Collect From and About You    Information We Collect Directly From You: THE MRC may collect certain types of personally identifiable information that is, information that can identify an individual directly from you, including but not limited to:     name    e-mail address    date of birth    zip code    credit or debit card information    username    password  
1 	We may collect some or all of this information if you:     visit the Website, make inquiries through the Website or offline    purchase products or services on the Website    use our Website    share your e-mail address to subscribe to email newsletters    post comments, messages, letters and the like on the Website    participate in any surveys, contests, or sweepstakes sponsored by THE MRC    register for our Services    provide tips, comments or questions to us    contact us for customer service or other purposes    provide it to us when contacting us about this Policy  
1 	 Information We Collect About You From Third Parties:    You may log in to post comments or share articles via your Facebook, Twitter, Google+, LinkedIn, Disqus, or other third-party account (collectively, third party accounts). In the future, we may permit additional login methods. When you log-in via your third party account, you must grant us permission to access certain information from these third-party accounts, which will vary based on the third party account. Before you log in through the particular site, you will be presented with the list of permissions, and you may cancel your log on if you do not want to proceed. For information about how the third party site may disclose your information, including any information that you make public, please consult the third party accounts privacy policy. We have no control over how a third party account uses or discloses the personally identifiable information that you provide to it. We may store the information that we collect from the third party account along with the other information that we collect from you or receive about you. - See more at: http://newsbusters.org/privacy-policy#sthash.3sEtPLFK.dpuf  
1 	 B. Information Collected Automatically When Using Our Services    THE MRC and our third party service providers collect information automatically through the use of electronic tools such as web beacons, cookies, Flash, clickstream data, and other automated devices that are deployed on the Website. We and our third party service providers may collect the following information about your use of our Website via these technologies: your IP address; your browser type and operating system; web pages you view; links you click; your interaction with our Website; length of time you are logged into our Website; and websites visited before our Website.  
1 	 Web Beacons    A web beacon is a type of picture file used on the Internet. Web beacons are used in combination with cookies to help monitor traffic at NewsBusters.org and understand the ways in which users interact with content on the Website. Among other uses, we may use web beacons to count visitors to our Website or to monitor how our users navigate our Website. We may include web beacons in email messages to count how many of the messages that we sent were opened, acted upon, and forwarded. We use web beacons to compile aggregate statistics about our Services and our marketing campaigns. - See more at: http://newsbusters.org/privacy-policy#sthash.3sEtPLFK.dpuf  
1 	 Cookies    Cookies help provide a customized user experience. We and our third party service providers may use cookies to, among other things, better serve you with tailored information and facilitate your ongoing access to and use of our Services. There are two types of cookies: session-based and persistent cookies. We also allow third party vendors to use cookies on our Site and Application. - See more at: http://newsbusters.org/privacy-policy#sthash.3sEtPLFK.dpuf  
1 	 Session Cookies.  Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser or turn off your computer. We use session cookies to allow our systems to uniquely identify you during a session or while you are logged into our Services.  
1 	 Persistent cookies.  Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you have closed your browser or turned off your computer. We use persistent cookies to track aggregate and statistical information about user activity, which may be combined with other user information.  
0 	 Third Party Cookies.    We also engage third parties to track and analyze non-personally and personally identifiable Website data. To do so, we permit third parties to apply cookies to users of our Services, where permitted by law, and, subject to your right to opt-out through the Network Advertising Initiative (as discussed below). We use the data collected by such third parties to help us administer and improve the quality of our Services and to analyze use of our Services. We also use such third parties to assist us in serving advertisements. Such third parties may combine the information that we provide about you with other information that they have collected. - See more at: http://newsbusters.org/privacy-policy#sthash.3sEtPLFK.dpuf  
0 	 Disabling Cookies.    You may choose not to provide such information by adjusting your Internet browser security settings to refuse cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer you can edit your browser options to block them in future. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. If you disable your web browsers ability to accept cookies, you will be able to browse our Website, but certain pages and features may be limited. - See more at: http://newsbusters.org/privacy-policy#sthash.3sEtPLFK.dpuf  
1 	 ClickStream Data    THE MRC may use third-party software to analyze the Web pages that your computer visits while using our Services. This information, called clickstream data, is associated with your computers Internet protocol (IP) address and/or device ID, and includes other information such as the type of browser your computer/device uses to access the Internet. We may collect clickstream data to optimize search engine results and may also use clickstream data to analyze which portions of our Website draw the most traffic so we can improve performance of our Services. This clickstream data may be shared with third party advertisers and marketing companies. - See more at: http://newsbusters.org/privacy-policy#sthash.3sEtPLFK.dpuf  
1 	 Local Storage Objects    We and our third party service providers may use Flash Local Storage Objects (Flash LSOs) to store your Website and Application preferences, to personalize your visit or to display content based upon what you view on our Website and Application. Flash LSOs are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data stored. In addition, you cannot control, delete or disable the acceptance of Flash LSOs through your browser. For more information on Flash LSOs, or to learn how to manage your settings for Flash cookies, go to the Adobe Flash Player Help Page, choose Global Storage Settings Panel and follow the instructions. To see the Flash LSOs currently on your computer, choose Website Storage Settings Panel and follow the instructions to review and, if you choose, to delete any specific Flash LSO. - See more at: http://newsbusters.org/privacy-policy#sthash.3sEtPLFK.dpuf  
1 	 Analytics.    We and our third party service providers conduct analytics of our Services to help us track and understand how visitors use our Services, using the technologies described in this section. For example, we use a variety of third party web analytics, to help us improve the performance and user experience of our Website and Application. - See more at: http://newsbusters.org/privacy-policy#sthash.3sEtPLFK.dpuf  
1 	 II. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?    We use your information, including the personally identifiable information that we collect about you (collectively, information), for various reasons, including:     to deliver content that you have requested from our Services;    to send e-mails that you have requested to receive from THE MRC;    to provide you with information, including via email, about services, products, and features that may be of interest to you, including products and services offered by third parties, as well as emails about our own Services;    for customer service purposes, such as in response to inquiries that you initiate with us about any aspect of our Website, to provide information about our Services, or any other customer service purpose; and    to understand how people use our Services, for research purposes, and to improve our Services.   III. WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT?    THE MRC may share personally identifiable information with others, such as:  
0 	  Third Party Service Providers that provide services on our behalf. Examples of these services include, but are not limited to: technical support for the operation of our Services; Website evaluation and statistics; and fulfilling your orders for products and services made available through our Site;  
0 	  Law enforcement authorities, government agencies, courts, or other entities, when:  
0 	  we believe in good faith that the law requires it  
0 	  we deem it necessary or appropriate to provide such information  
0 	  to otherwise protect our rights, other persons, or other users of our Services  
0 	  Another entity, in the course of a sale to or merger of all or a part of our business with another entity  
0 	  A court, another business, or other interested party in the event of a bankruptcy proceeding, in which case the information about you would be among the many assets shared or transferred.  
0 	  Third-party merchants with from whom you choose to make a purchase through our Services;  
0 	  Other non-affiliated third parties. We may share your information, including personally identifiable information, with non-affiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes. If you are a California resident, please see the special notice to you below about how you can obtain additional information about this sharing.  
0 	  We also may disclose aggregate user statistics to third parties for a variety of purposes, including research, analytics, and marketing.  
0 	 IV. HOW CAN YOU MAKE CHOICES ABOUT THE INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU?    You can always choose not to submit any personally identifiable information to THE MRC.  
0 	If you do not wish to receive promotional communications from THE MRC, you can unsubscribe to our promotional e-mails. We will include an opt-out link or reply address in each such e-mail. Please allow us up to 10 business days to process your request. After unsubscribing, you may still receive messages about the status of your account, to resolve technical issues, to confirm a new registration with us, and for other customer services purposes.  
0 	 V. ADVERTISING    We use third parties such as network advertisers to serve advertisements on our Website. Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to our Website and other websites you have visited. This enables us and these third parties to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested. Third party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third partys specific privacy policy, not this one. We may provide these third-party advertisers with information about your usage of our Site and our Services on an aggregated basis.  
0 	You may opt-out of many third-party ad networks. The website http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp provides information regarding this practice by Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) members, and your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including how to opt-out of third-party ad networks operated by NAI members.  
0 	You also may contact the Digital Advertising Alliance at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ for information about opting out of targeted advertising and your choices regarding having information used by About Ads member companies, including how to opt-out of third-party ad networks operated by About Ads members. Opting out of one or more NAI members or DAI members (many of which will be the same) only means that those members no longer will deliver targeted content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content or ads on our Website or other websites. You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing. Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different computer or change web browsers, your NAI or DAI opt-out may no longer, be effective. Additional information is available on NAIs and DAIs websites accessible by the above links.  
0 	 VI. LINKS TO OTHER (THIRD PARTY) WEBSITES    THE MRC may provide links to content or advertisements created, offered, sponsored, or available at third party websites. Your interactions with these third party websites are not governed by this Privacy Policy, but rather the privacy policies posted on those linked websites. THE MRC is not responsible for your access to and use of these websites or any information you may share with them.  
0 	 VII. HOW DO WE SECURE YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION?    To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of the personally identifiable information we collect, we have implemented physical, electronic, and administrative procedures. These measures are based on commercially reasonable standards that similar companies use.  
0 	NO DATA TRANSMITTED OVER THE INTERNET, HOWEVER, CAN BE GUARANTEED TO BE 100% SECURE AT ALL TIMES. Although we have implemented security measures to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot and do not guarantee the security of such information.  
0 	 VIII. CHILDREN    This Website is not directed to children. THE MRC does not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from or about children under 13, except as permitted by law. If we discover that we have received any personally identifiable information from a child under 13, we will delete such information from our servers and records promptly.  
0 	 IX. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY    THE MRC reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. We will post a notice on this Website if and when this policy changes to alert visitors that a new policy is in place.  
0 	Material that is, really important changes to the way we use or disclose personally identifiable information will apply on a going-forward basis, unless we have your express consent to change the way we use or disclose the personally identifiable information we collected when the earlier version of this Privacy Policy was in effect.  
0 	 X. SPECIAL NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS    California residents may request a list of all third parties to which The MRC has disclosed certain personally identifiable information about you for marketing purposes. You may make one request per calendar year. In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for your response. You may request this information in writing by contacting us at: administrator @mrc.org or Privacy Request, The Media Research Center, 325 South Patrick Street, Alexandria, Virginia 22314.  
0 	 XI. HOW TO CONTACT US    Questions and comments regarding this Privacy Policy, or to review and/or correct your personal information gathered by MRC, or to inform MRC that you do not want your information shared, should be directed to administrator@mrc.org.  
1 	Privacy Policy   Washingtonian.com may use personally identifiable information (your name, e-mail address, street address, telephone number) subject to the terms of this privacy policy. This privacy policy pertains to information collected when you subscribe to Washingtonian magazine and visit the Washingtonian.com site.  
1 	 Information We Collect from You    The information we collect varies depending on the services you ask us to provide. You can visit most pages on our website without providing any information. On certain pages, however, you may be asked to provide personal information--examples are when you subscribe to Washingtonian Magazine, renew your subscription, purchase a holiday gift subscription, submit a customer service inquiry, or make a purchase. You may also be asked to provide personal information if you participate in sweepstakes and contests, surveys, message boards and chat rooms, or other interactive areas of our site.  
1 	The types of personal information we collect may include your first and last name, Internet Protocol address, zip code, mailing address, e-mail address, gender, and phone number.  
1 	Washingtonian.com also collects information automatically through the use of electronic tools such as "cookies" and "clickstream data." Cookies help provide a customized web experience by enabling us to identify web users who visit our site. Among other things, the cookie may store your Washingtonian.com user name and password. You may choose not to provide such information by adjusting your Internet browser security settings to refuse cookies. Doing so, however, may limit your ability to access certain pages available on the website and may prevent you from enjoying the features on our website enabled by cookies.  
1 	In addition, our site uses third-party software to analyze the web pages within our site that your computer visits. This information, called "clickstream data," is associated with your computer's IP address. We do not associate clickstream data with your name, mailing address, or any other personal information. We collect clickstream data to analyze which portions of our site draw the most traffic so we can improve performance of our site. We also may track how many recipients of our e-mail newsletters click through to other sites. This clickstream data may be shared, in aggregate and anonymous form, with third-party advertisers. We do not associate clickstream data with personally identifiable information.  
1 	 What We Do with Information We Collect from You    We use any information we collect from you in accordance with applicable laws. We may use aggregated information--information that cannot be used to identify you individually--in many ways. For example, we may combine information about your usage patterns with the usage patterns of other users to identify pages on our website that are frequently visited so we can improve our site's performance. We may occasionally share aggregated, anonymous information with our business partners and affiliates and/or with third-party advertisers, but this information cannot be traced back to you individually or used to contact you.  
1 	We may use your personal contact information, including your e-mail address, to communicate with you regarding your subscription(s), other features and services offered by Washingtonian.com, Washingtonian magazine, or our affiliates and business partners, our Terms of Service, and/or this Privacy Policy. We may also use your personal contact information to process e-commerce transactions or send e-mail newsletters on other topics we think you might find of interest. We reserve the right to share your personal contact information with our affiliates and business partners.  
1 	Personal information collected by Washingtonian.com may also be used for other purposes, including but not limited to site administration and troubleshooting. Third-party service providers who provide technical support for the operation of our site may access such information, but only for the purpose of administering technical support.  
0 	If you register to receive e-mail newsletters on the site, we will not share or sell your registration information, including your name and e-mail address, with third parties for any purpose. If you subscribe to Washingtonian magazine, we may sell or rent lists containing your postal address to third parties for advertising purposes.  
0 	Like any other company, we may sell, buy, merge, or partner with other companies or businesses. In such transactions, information about our subscribers and website visitors may be among the transferred assets. We may also disclose your information in response to a court order or other valid legal process or at other times when we believe we are reasonably required to do so by law, in connection with payments you may owe to us, and/or whenever we deem it appropriate or necessary to give such information to law-enforcement authorities. At our discretion, we may not provide you with notice prior to such disclosures.  
0 	 How You Can Control the Information We Collect About You    You can always choose not to submit your personal information on the Washingtonian.com website. If you do not wish to receive e-mail messages from Washingtonian.com about new features or products we think may be of interest, you can unsubscribe at any time. We will always include an opt-out web link or reply e-mail address in each e-mail message. After unsubscribing, you will be removed from our e-mail database. Please allow up to 10 business days to process your request. After unsubscribing, you may still receive e-mail messages about the status of your account, to resolve technical issues, or to confirm a new subscription.  
0 	If you wish to make changes to any personal information you have provided us, or if you have any questions about what we do with your personal information, please contact us by sending an e-mail to privacy@washingtonian.com.  
0 	 How Your Personal Information is Protected Online    To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of personally identifiable information, we have put in place physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to protect the personally identifiable information we collect online.  
0 	 Affiliated Websites, Third-Party Linked Sites, and Third-Party Advertisements    The ads appearing on this web site are delivered to you by our web advertising partners, including DoubleClick and Google. Washingtonian.com expects its business partners, advertisers, and third-party affiliates to respect the privacy of our users. However, third parties' web sites - including those of our partners, advertisers, affiliates, and other content providers'- have their own privacy practices and policies. When you click on a banner advertisement or link from Washingtonian.com to an external Web site, you should review that site's Privacy Policy before submitting any personal information on the site.  
0 	Our Web advertising partners send us aggregate, anonymous information about visits to this site, such as the number of times visitors clicked on a particular advertisement - but not visitors' names, addresses, or other personal information.  
0 	You also should be aware that our Web advertising partners may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. Cookies enable advertisers to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before. For more information about DoubleClick's privacy practices, cookies, and how to "opt-out" of receiving cookies, please visit http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy. For more information about Google's privacy practices, please visit http://www.google.com/privacy.html.  
0 	 Children    Washingtonian.com does not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from or about children under 13, except as permitted by federal law. If we discover that we have received any personally identifiable information from a child under 13 in violation of this policy, we will delete such information from our servers immediately. If you believe Washingtonian.com has any information from or pertaining to anyone under 13, please contact us at the address listed below.  
0 	 Contacting Us    We can be reached by contacting:   Washingtonian.com  1828 L Street, NW - Suite 200  Washington, D.C. 20035   Email: privacy@washingtonian.com  
0 	 Changes to This Policy    Washingtonian.com reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. We will post a notice on this site if and when this policy changes to alert visitors that a new policy is in place. Your continued use of our website following the posting of changes to our privacy policy will mean that you accept such changes. Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the policy and applicable laws in place at the time the information was collected.  
0 	 Governing Law    This policy and the use of this website are governed by District of Columbia law. Any claim related to the website or this policy shall be brought in a federal or state court in Washington, D.C., within one year after the claim arises. You agree that no such claim may be brought as a class action. Users of Washingtonian.com consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such court as the most convenient and appropriate for the resolution of disputes concerning this policy. Washingtonian.com is controlled, operated, and administered entirely within the United States. If you are located outside the United States, please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. You hereby consent to this transfer.  
0 	 Special Notification for California Residents    From time-to-time, Washingtonian magazine and/or Washingtonian.com may provide its business partners with your name and mailing address for marketing relevant services, products, and programs to you.  
0 	If you reside in California, you may request information about our disclosures of your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Such requests must be submitted to us by e-mail at privacy@washingtonian.com or by mail to: Washingtonian.com, 1828 L Street, NW - Suite 200, Washington, D.C. 20035, ATTN: CALIFORNIA PRIVACY DISCLOSURES. Within thirty days of receiving such a request, we will provide a list of the categories of personal information (e.g., your mailing address) disclosed to third-parties for third-party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third parties. This request may be made no more than once per calendar year. We reserve the right not to respond to requests submitted other than as specified in this paragraph.  
0 	 Effective Date    This Privacy Policy is effective as of February 6, 2009.
0 	Privacy Policy   Geekdo takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.  
0 	Geekdo does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or companies , except when we have your explicit permission (for example, to pass on your contact information when you have won a contest). You will not get on a spammer's list because of your interactions with Geekdo.  
1 	Geekdo collects personal information when you register with Geekdo, when you use Geekdo products or services, when you visit Geekdo pages or the pages of certain Geekdo partners, and when you enter Geekdo contests. Geekdo may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies.  
1 	When you register we ask for information such as your name, e-mail address, birth date, gender, zip code, occupation, industry, and personal interests. Once you register with Geekdo and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.  
1 	Geekdo collects information about your transactions with us.  
1 	Geekdo automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, Geekdo cookie information, and the page you request.  
1 	Geekdo uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and investigate abuse.  
0 	We partner with ValueClick to serve ads and/or collect certain information when you visit our website. ValueClick may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information during your visit to this website in order to help show advertisements on other websites likely to be more interesting to you. To learn more about this "behavioral advertising" practice or to opt-out of this use of your anonymous information, you can visit http://www.valueclickmedia.com/member_privacy.shtml  
0 	Geekdo reserves the right to modify all or some of this Privacy Policy at any time without notice. If we modify our Privacy Policy, we may post a notice on our website so our users are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information only in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected unless we have received explicit authorization from the appropriate user(s) to do otherwise.  
0 	We reserve the right to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, violations of the Geekdo Terms of Service, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required by law.
0 	 Privacy Policy    Posted: Tuesday, September 18, 2012 12:29 pm    Updated: Thursday, May 21, 2015 3:22 pm.     Our commitment to you    The Frederick News-Post and its owner, Randall Family, LLC (collectively, "The News-Post"), recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected about you, our customers. This customer privacy policy is intended to outline our legitimate business interests in collecting and using information and your reasonable expectations of privacy.  
0 	 Security    We take the responsibility for keeping your payment and personal information private and secure very seriously. When entering payment and personal information on our web pages you will see that we use SSL certificates to encrypt your data as you submit it. Our internal systems and procedures are periodically reviewed for compliance with industry standards on data security.  
1 	 User information collected    The News-Post gathers identifying information about you only when you provide that information on a voluntary basis for such purposes as member or subscriber registration, reader comments and blogs, contests, news alerts, purchasing products and using social networking tools. The personal information required to use our site services varies from service to service but may include your name, age, email address, mailing address and phone number. For purchases, credit card and billing information may be required.  
1 	The News-Post employs 'cookies' in circumstances that require session data or require user verification. We have several feedback forms on websites operated by The News-Post. Any feedback that is submitted through these forms or through email is the property of The News-Post. We may use this feedback for marketing purposes or to contact you for additional feedback.  
1 	 Uses of information    The News-Post may use information it has collected from users to communicate with its users about changes in policies or operations.  
1 	The News-Post may use information it has collected from users to promote News-Post products and services; we will make every effort to allow users to opt out of promotional messages from The News-Post.  
0 	The News-Post may use information it has collected from users to promote products and services on behalf of advertisers; we will make every effort to allow users to opt out of promotional messages from advertisers.  
1 	The News-Post performs statistical analyses of its server logs to study the use and popularity of various areas of our site. We also look at IP addresses to analyze where we are getting our audience.  
0 	 Third-party uses of information    It is not the policy of The News-Post to sell or make available personally identifiable user information to unrelated third parties. The News-Post may provide advertisers and other third parties with general, aggregate usage data. Unless stated otherwise, we will use our best efforts not to disclose information about individual visits to websites operated by The News-Post or personal information that you provide, such as your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, or credit card number to any outside parties, unless otherwise required by law.  
0 	The News-Post may allow registered users, members and subscribers to establish online identities and use social networking tools, which can include befriending other users, updating profile information, posting comments on other users' profiles and identifying pieces of content as something of interest. When you take advantage of these site features, you are agreeing to share personal information with other users. The News-Post provides privacy tools within its social networking framework so that you can control which types of personal information are shared with other users.  
0 	Users should keep in mind when posting a user name or e-mail address on bulletin boards or in other user-posted content areas that information, along with any information in their postings, can be read by any third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties.  
1 	The News-Post may make use of or refer to user-posted content for the purposes of promoting Randall Family, LLC publications, in print or online. The News-Post makes no claim of ownership to such user-posted content.  
0 	Please be aware that any information submitted on a co-branded page with a third party may result in that third party using your information according to its privacy policy. We do not and cannot control such third-party uses. Examples of third parties that The News-Post currently utilizes are Associated Press, Google.com, Second Street Media and Legacy.com.  
0 	We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit websites operated by The News-Post. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, visit http://www.networkadvertising.org.  
0 	 Process to remove your personal information    Most of our services include information on how to remove your information and cancel the service. You may alternatively send us an email at webmaster@newspost.com identifying the services and information you would like removed. Please provide explicit reasons why we should remove the content. We reserve the right to decline requests for removal of information based on maintaining the historical and archival nature of our website(s).  
0 	 Children    We do not specifically collect information about children. We believe that children should get their parents' consent before giving out personal information. We further believe that parents should participate in and guide their children's experiences on The News-Post.  
0 	 Privacy Policy Changes    If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post these changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone. If, at any time, you have questions or concerns about The News-Post's privacy policy, please feel free to e-mail us at webmaster@newspost.com or call 301-662-1177 and speak to our Director of Online Operations.  
0 	 Terms of use    By accessing or using a website operated by The News-Post, you agree to be bound by the site's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy ("Agreement"), as The News-Post may amend them at any time. All amendments automatically go into effect on the day after they are posted on the website. Use of the website subsequent to such posting shall constitute your agreement to all such amendments. (See Terms of Use.)  
0 	Revised May 3, 2012.  
0 	 PRIVACY POLICY    Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc., its franchisees, marketing agencies, and affiliated contractors, as specifically identified here (collectively "BWW," "we" or "us"), appreciate your patronage and take your privacy very seriously. As a result, we've developed the following policy terms which apply to all websites and mobile applications owned and operated by BWW, specifically including the buffalowildwings.com site and the Fight4Fandom Mobile App (collectively the "Site(s)").  
0 	We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand what personal information we may collect from you through our Sites, how we may use or share this information, and what steps you may take to control such use or sharing.  
1 	 What We Collect    We collect the information you affirmatively choose to provide us, such as when you provide your name, contact information, the pages you access and similar information for such purposes as purchasing products, creating an account, joining our loyalty programs, filling out a survey, entering contests, participating in promotions or electronic activities, posting comments on bulletin boards or otherwise interacting with our Sites. By accessing the Sites, you consent to receive materials and understand and acknowledge that you may receive emails and other communications from BWW. When you purchase a product from our Sites, we ask you to provide information to fulfill your order, including your name, email address, phone, shipping address, billing address and method of payment to facilitate your purchase. If you create an account through one of our Sites, this personal information will be stored by us. If you purchase products as a Site Guest, we will not store the personally identifiable information you provide.  
1 	We also collect your information through the use of cookies. Cookies are pieces of data your web browser stores on your hard drive to allow our Sites to provide you with enhanced services. Cookies allow us to store products in your online shopping cart, process orders, and recognize whether or not you have visited our Sites before. This provides us with important marketing information and lets us know how we are doing at both attracting new visitors and maintaining relationships with our existing customers.  
0 	If you wish, you can set your browser to refuse cookies. However, keep in mind that cookies are required to place an online order and for other user-friendly Site functions, so blocking cookies will negatively impact your Site experience. Should you wish to block cookies through your web browser, you may still purchase products through our Customer Service Department at 1-877-299-8366.  
1 	In some cases, we may also collect information from third-party sources, including social media sites and other sites with which we may partner on BWW branded promotions. For example, if you post a comment on our Facebook page or send us a message on Twitter, we may collect and use that information as described in this Privacy Policy. Please note that we may combine this information with other information that we collect about you and use it as described herein.  
1 	 What We Do With What We Collect    We use the personal information we collect for various purposes, including to complete a purchase that you initiate, to respond to your requests for information, to manage our Sites, to allow you to participate in electronic activities, marketing analysis, marketing communications, facilitating loyalty programs, and for other lawful purposes. From time to time, we may also contact customers by email, phone or mail for such purposes as to inform them of new products, services and special offers, administer a survey, or to follow up on previous interactions. If you do not wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the opt-out instructions generally provided in such communications. Upon your request, we will make reasonable efforts to delete your personal information from our database, however, it may be impossible to delete your entry without retaining some residual information for a period of time due to backups and records of deletion. Be assured that we will never knowingly send messages to customers who have asked not to receive them.  
0 	Any information you share with us pursuant to signing up for Buffalo Circle or for any other purpose, will be shared as needed to facilitate that purpose. We generally do not share your information with companies who are not affiliated with us, but if we do, we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of these communications at any time by contacting us at Buffalo Wild Wings, 5500 Wayzata Blvd, 16th Floor, Minneapolis, MN 55416, Attn: Marketing Department or by using the opt-out instructions in the communications themselves. Should you have questions about how we use your information, feel free to send us a message by visiting the Contact Us section of any of our Sites. Alternatively, you can contact us at 1-877-299-8366, and speak with a Customer Service representative.  
0 	We will not sell or rent the personally identifiable information you provide to us to any third party, except as stated herein. We may share your information within the BWW organization and with our franchisees, with current and future affiliated companies, and with reputable third parties as needed to provide better services to you. These third party services may include such tasks as maintaining and managing customer information, providing customer services, taking and fulfilling orders, conducting BWW promotions and surveys, and communicating effectively with you. We do not authorize those third parties to make any other use of your information unless indicated herein, and we will hold them accountable if it is discovered they use your information for any unauthorized purpose.  
0 	We may also disclose your personal information to third parties if we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with law, regulation, legal process or government request; enforce the terms of any of our policies; or protect the rights, property or safety of BWW, our associates, or our customers. This may include assistance in fraud protection and investigation. In addition, we may share or transfer your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.  
0 	 Links and Third-Party Content    Our Sites may contain links to other websites, which are not under our control. We provide these links as a customer convenience and to allow advertisers to promote their own sites or products, and do not endorse those sites, companies or their products or services. Also, when you link to our Sites from another site, the originating site may collect information about you. We do not review, control or monitor the practices, information or materials on any other websites, and are not responsible or liable for the communications, practices, information, content or materials from any of those sites. You are responsible for understanding and adhering to any other website's terms and conditions.  
0 	 Secure Online Ordering    For your security, we only store your credit card information if you choose to set up an authorized account with one of our Sites. In that case, it is stored on a secure computer in an encrypted format. If you do not set up an account, you will have to enter your credit card information each time you order. We understand that this may be a little inconvenient for you, but some customers appreciate the added security.  
0 	When you do place an order, your address and credit card information is transmitted using industry standard encryption technology called secure socket layers (SSL) which ensures that it is encrypted during transmission. The integrity of our safe shopping technology is verified by Verisign, the premier secure transaction accreditation authority. You will see the Verisign logo during the checkout process to confirm that you are in 'secure mode.' Additional security assurances are given by the locked padlock icon or solid key icon at the bottom of your browser window, and the letters "https" (rather than "http") located in the URL address window at the top of your browser.  
0 	 Children's Privacy    We are very concerned about protecting the safety and privacy of children. Our Sites are not intended for children. We do not specifically collect information about children and do not sell products for purchase by children. If you are under 18, get your parent's consent before giving out any personal information online.  
0 	 California Privacy Rights    Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which BWW has disclosed personal information during the preceding year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and want such a list, you must send a request to: Buffalo Wild Wings Attn: Legal Department 5500 Wayzata Blvd, Suite 1600 Minneapolis, MN 55416  
0 	You must provide the statement "Your California Privacy Rights" in the subject field of your e-mail or on the envelope or post card and in the actual request. For all requests, please include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. We will not accept requests via the telephone or by fax. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.  
0 	 Privacy Policy Changes    We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. Any such amendments to this Policy may apply to information we collect in the future as well as any information we obtained from you prior to such amendment. We will post all changes to this Policy on the Sites, and we encourage all visitors and users of the Sites to check this policy from time to time.  
0 	This Privacy Policy was last updated on: July 23, 2012.  
0 	Overview of Changes from Previous Policy: We added clarification regarding the use of collected information, consolidated all BWW privacy policies into one, and revised the Policy to comply with California law.  
0 	If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at: Buffalo Wild Wings Attn: Legal Department 5500 Wayzata Blvd, Suite 1600 Minneapolis, MN 55416
0 	 NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES    THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY.  
0 	Kaleida Health is required by law to protect the privacy of health information that may reveal your identity, to provide you with this notice of our privacy practices, and to notify you if we become aware of a breach of your health information. A copy of our current notice is posted in our reception areas. You will also be able to obtain your own copies by accessing our website at www.Kaleidahealth.org, calling our office at 716-859- 8559 or asking for one at the time of your next visit.  
0 	If you have any questions about this notice or would like further information, please contact the Kaleida Health Privacy Officer at 716-859-8559.  
0 	 WHO WILL FOLLOW THIS NOTICE?    Kaleida Health provides health care to patients along with physicians and other health care professionals and organizations. The privacy practices described in this notice will be followed by the following persons at Buffalo General Medical Center, Gates Vascular Institute, Women's and Children's Hospital of Buffalo, Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital, DeGraff Memorial Hospital, and Kaleida Health affiliated clinics and laboratories:   Any health care professional who treats you at any of these locations;     All employees, medical staff, trainees, students or volunteers at any of these locations;     Any business associates of these facilities (which are described further below).  
1 	 PERMISSIONS DESCRIBED IN THIS NOTICE  This notice will explain the different types of permission we will obtain from you before we use or disclose your health information for a variety of purposes. The three types of permissions referred to in this notice are:   A "general written consent," which Kaleida Health must obtain from you in order to use and disclose your health information in order to treat you, obtain payment for that treatment, and conduct our business operations. Kaleida Health must obtain this general written consent the first time we provide you with treatment or services. This general written consent is a broad permission that does not have to be repeated each time we provide treatment or services to you.     An "opportunity to object," which Kaleida Health must provide to you before we may use or disclose your health information for certain purposes. In these situations, you will have an opportunity to object to the use or disclosure of your health information in person, over the phone, or in writing.     A "written authorization," which will provide you with detailed information about the persons who may receive your health information and the specific purposes for which your health information may be used or disclosed. Kaleida Health is only permitted to use and disclose your health information described on the written authorization in ways that are explained on the written authorization form you have signed. A written authorization will have an expiration date or will expire upon the occurrence of a particular event.  
0 	 IMPORTANT SUMMARY INFORMATION  Requirement For Written Authorization. Kaleida Health will generally obtain your written authorization before using your health information or sharing it with others outside the hospital. You may also initiate the transfer of your records to another person by completing a written authorization form. If you provide us with written authorization, you may revoke that written authorization at any time, except to the extent that we have already relied upon it. To revoke a written authorization, please write to the Kaleida Health Privacy Officer, 726 Exchange Street Suite 200, Buffalo, NY 14210 to revoke such authorization.  
1 	Exceptions To Written Authorization Requirement. There are some situations when we do not need your written authorization before using your health information or sharing it with others. They are:   Exception For Treatment, Payment, And Business Operations. Kaleida Health will only obtain your general written consent one time to use and disclose your health information to treat your condition, collect payment for that treatment, or run our business operations. In some cases, Kaleida Health also may disclose your health information to another health care provider or payor for its payment activities and certain of its business operations. For more information, see page 2 of this notice.  
0 	  Exception For Patient Directory And Disclosure To Family And Friends Involved In Your Care. If you are an inpatient, Kaleida Health will ask you whether you have any objection to including information about you in our Patient Directory or sharing information about your health with your friends and family involved in your care. For more information, see page 3 of this notice. Kaleida Health's policy is to not disclose protected health information about Behavioral Health patients except as permitted or required by law.  
0 	  Exception In Emergencies Or Public Need. Kaleida Health may use or disclose your health information in an emergency or for important public needs. For example, we may share your information with public health officials at the New York state or county health departments who are authorized to investigate and control the spread of diseases. For more examples, see pages 3-5 of this notice.  
1 	  Exception If Information Is Completely Or Partially De-Identified. Kaleida Health may use or disclose your health information if we have removed any information that might identify you so that the health information is "completely de-identified." Kaleida Health may also use and disclose "partially de-identified" information if the person who will receive the information agrees in writing to protect the privacy of the information. For more information, please see page 5 of this notice.  
1 	Other uses and disclosures of your health information not described in this Notice will be made only with your written authorization. For example, we will not sell your health information or market a party's services or products to you if we are paid by that party to do so, without your written authorization.  
0 	How Someone May Act On Your Behalf. You have the right to name a personal representative who may act on your behalf to control the privacy of your health information. Parents and guardians will generally have the right to control the privacy of health information about minors unless the minors are permitted by law to act on their own behalf.  
0 	Protections For HIV, Alcohol and Substance Abuse, and Mental Health. Special privacy protections apply to HIV-related information and Behavioral Health Information (including alcohol and substance abuse treatment information, and mental health information). Some parts of this general Notice of Privacy Practices may not apply to these types of information.  
0 	How To Obtain A Copy Of This Notice. You have the right to a paper copy of this notice. You may request a paper copy at any time, even if you have previously agreed to receive this notice electronically. To do so, please call the Kaleida Health Privacy Officer at 716-859-8559. You may also obtain a copy of this notice from our website at www.Kaleidahealth.org, or by requesting a copy at your next visit.  
0 	How To Obtain A Copy Of Revised Notice. Kaleida Health may change our privacy practices from time to time. If we do, we will revise this notice so you will have an accurate summary of our practices. The revised notice will apply to all of your health information. Kaleida Health will post any revised notice in our hospital reception area. You will also be able to obtain your own copy of the revised notice by accessing our website at www.Kaleidahealth.org, calling our office at 716-859-8559 or asking for one at the time of your next visit. The effective date of the notice will always be noted in the top right corner of the first page. Kaleida Health is required to abide by the terms of the notice that is currently in effect.  
0 	How To File A Complaint. If you believe your privacy rights have been violated, you may file a complaint with us or with the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. To file a complaint with us, please contact the Kaleida Health Privacy Officer at 716-859-8559. In accordance with Kaleida Health corporate policy and federal law, no one will retaliate or take action against you for filing a complaint.  
1 	 WHAT HEALTH INFORMATION IS PROTECTED    Kaleida Health is committed to protecting the privacy of information we gather about you while providing health-related services. Some examples of protected health information are:   information indicating that you are a patient at the hospital or receiving treatment or other health-related services from Kaleida Health;     information about your health condition (such as a disease you may have);     information about health care products or services you have received or may receive in the future (such as an operation); or     information about your health care benefits under an insurance plan (such as whether a prescription is covered);   when combined with:   demographic information (such as your name, address, or insurance status);     unique numbers that may identify you (such as your social security number, your phone number, or your driver's license number); and     other types of information that may identify who you are.  
1 	 HOW WE MAY USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR HEALTH INFORMATION     1. Treatment, Payment And Business Operations    With your general written consent Kaleida Health may use your health information or share it with others in order to treat your condition, obtain payment for that treatment, and run our business operations. In some cases, Kaleida Health may also disclose your health information for payment activities and certain business operations of another health care provider or payor. Below are further examples of how your information may be used and disclosed for these purposes.  
0 	Treatment. Kaleida Health may share your health information with doctors, nurses or treating practitioners at our facilities who are involved in taking care of you, and they may in turn use that information to diagnose or treat you. A treating practitioner at our hospital may share your health information with another health care provider inside our hospital, or with a treating practitioner at another hospital or health care facility, to determine how to diagnose or treat you. Your treating practitioner may also share your health information with another treating practitioner to whom you have been referred for further health care.  
1 	Payment. Kaleida Health may use your health information or share it with others so that we may obtain payment for your health care services. These include your health insurance company, employer-sponsored self-funded group health plan, Medicare, Medicaid, and any other party that may be responsible for paying or processing for payment of any portion your bill for services. For example, Kaleida Health may share information about you with your health insurance company in order to obtain reimbursement after we have treated you, or to determine whether it will cover your treatment. Kaleida Health might also need to inform a payor about your health condition in order to obtain pre-approval for your treatment, such as admitting you to the hospital for a particular type of surgery. Finally, we may share your information with other health care providers and payors for their payment activities.  
1 	Business Operations. Kaleida Health may use your health information or share it with others in order to conduct our business operations. For example, we may use your health information to evaluate the performance of our staff in caring for you, or to educate our staff on how to improve the care they provide for you. As Kaleida Health is a teaching facility, we may disclose your health information for training and educational purposes to faculty physicians, residents and medical, dental, nursing, pharmacy or other students in health-related professions from local colleges or universities affiliated with Kaleida Health. Finally, Kaleida Health may share your health information with other health care providers and payors for certain of their business operations if the information is related to a relationship the provider or payor currently has or previously had with you, and if the provider or payor is required by federal law to protect the privacy of your health information.  
1 	Appointment Reminders, Treatment Alternatives, Benefits And Services. In the course of providing treatment to you, Kaleida Health may use your health information to contact you with a reminder that you have an appointment for treatment or services at one of our facilities. Kaleida Health may also use your health information in order to recommend possible treatment alternatives or health-related benefits and services that may be of interest to you.  
1 	Fundraising. To support our business operations, Kaleida Health may use demographic information about you, including information about your age and gender, where you live or work, and the dates that you received treatment, in order to contact you to raise money to help us operate. Kaleida Health may also share this information with a Kaleida Health charitable foundation that will contact you to raise money on our behalf. You may opt out of receiving such fundraising communications at any time.  
0 	Business Associates. Kaleida Health may disclose your health information to contractors, agents and other business associates who need the information in order to assist us with obtaining payment or carrying out our business operations. For example, Kaleida Health may share your health information with a billing company that helps us to obtain payment from your insurance company. Another example is that we may share your health information with an accounting firm or law firm that provides professional advice to us about how to improve our health care services and comply with the law. If Kaleida Health does disclose your health information to a business associate, we will have a written contract to ensure that our business associate also protects the privacy of your health information.  
0 	Kaleida Health can do all of these things if you have signed a general written consent form. Once you sign this general written consent form, it will be in effect indefinitely unless you revoke your general written consent. You may revoke your general written consent at any time, except to the extent that we have already relied upon it. For example, if we provide you with treatment before you revoke your general written consent, we may still share your health information with your insurance company in order to obtain payment for that treatment. To revoke your general written consent, please write to the Kaleida Health Privacy Officer, 726 Exchange Street Suite 200, Buffalo, New York 14210.  
1 	 2. Patient Directory/Family and Friends    Kaleida Health may use your health information in, and disclose it from, our Patient Directory where applicable, or share it with family and friends involved in your care, without your written authorization. Kaleida Health will always give you an opportunity to object unless there is insufficient time because of a medical emergency (in which case we will discuss your preferences with you as soon as the emergency is over). Kaleida Health will follow your wishes unless we are required by law to do otherwise.  
1 	Patient Directory. If you do not object, Kaleida Health will include your name, your location in our facility, your general condition (e.g., fair, stable, critical, etc.) and your religious affiliation in our Patient Directory while you are a patient in the hospital or one of the facilities listed at the beginning of this notice. This directory information, except for your religious affiliation, may be released to people who ask for you by name. Your religious affiliation may be given to a member of the clergy, such as a priest or rabbi, even if he or she doesn't ask for you by name. Kaleida Health's policy is to not disclose protected health information about Behavioral Health patients except as permitted or required by law.  
0 	Family and Friends Involved In Your Care. If you do not object, Kaleida Health may share your health information with a family member, relative, or close personal friend who is involved in your care or payment for that care. We may also notify a family member, personal representative or another person responsible for your care about your location and general condition here at the hospital, or about the unfortunate event of your death. In some cases, Kaleida Health may need to share your information with a disaster relief organization that will help us notify these persons.  
0 	Behavioral Health patients will be given the opportunity to object each time before information about them is released to family and friends. This will apply whether or not consent was authorized at time of admission in the Kaleida Health Consent for Treatment or Payment Agreement.  
1 	 3. Emergencies Or Public Need    Kaleida Health may use your health information, and share it with others, in order to treat you in an emergency or to meet important public needs.  
0 	Kaleida Health will not be required to obtain your general written consent before using or disclosing your information for these reasons. Kaleida Health will, however, obtain your written authorization for, or provide you with an opportunity to object to, the use and disclosure of your health information in these situations when state law specifically requires that we do so.  
1 	Emergencies. Kaleida Health may use or disclose your health information if you need emergency treatment or if we are required by law to treat you but are unable to obtain your general written consent. If this happens, Kaleida Health will try to obtain your general written consent as soon as we reasonably can after we treat you.  
0 	Communication Barriers. Kaleida Health may use and disclose your health information if we are unable to obtain your general written consent because of substantial communication barriers, and we believe you would want us to treat you if we could communicate with you.  
1 	As Required By Law. Kaleida Health may use or disclose your health information if we are required by law to do so. Kaleida Health also will notify you of these uses and disclosures if notice is required by law.  
0 	Public Health Activities. Kaleida Health may disclose your health information to authorized public health officials (or a foreign government agency collaborating with such officials) so they may carry out their public health activities. For example, we may share your health information with government officials who are responsible for controlling disease, injury or disability. Kaleida Health may also disclose your health information to a person who may have been exposed to a communicable disease or be at risk for contracting or spreading the disease if a law permits us to do so. And finally, Kaleida Health may release some health information about you to your employer if your employer hires us to provide you with a physical exam and we discover that you have a work-related injury or disease that your employer must know about in order to comply with employment laws.  
0 	Victims Of Abuse, Neglect Or Domestic Violence. Kaleida Health may release your health information to a public health authority that is authorized to receive reports of abuse, neglect or domestic violence. For example, we may report your information to government officials if we reasonably believe that you have been a victim of such abuse, neglect or domestic violence. Kaleida Health will make every effort to obtain your permission before releasing this information, but in some cases we may be required or authorized to act without your permission.  
0 	Health Oversight Activities. Kaleida Health may release your health information to government agencies authorized to conduct audits, investigations, and inspections of our facility. These government agencies monitor the operation of the health care system, government benefit programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, and compliance with government regulatory programs and civil rights laws.  
0 	Product Monitoring, Repair And Recall. Kaleida Health may disclose your health information to a person or company that is regulated by the Food and Drug Administration for the purpose of: (1) reporting or tracking product defects or problems; (2) repairing, replacing, or recalling defective or dangerous products; or (3) monitoring the performance of a product after it has been approved for use by the general public.  
0 	Lawsuits And Disputes. Kaleida Health may disclose your health information if we are ordered to do so by a court or administrative tribunal that is handling a lawsuit or other dispute.  
0 	Law Enforcement. Kaleida Health may disclose your health information to law enforcement officials for the following reasons:   To comply with court orders or laws that Kaleida Health is required to follow;     To assist law enforcement officers with identifying or locating a suspect, fugitive, witness, or missing person;     If you have been the victim of a crime and Kaleida Health determines that: (1) we have been unable to obtain your general written consent because of an emergency or your incapacity; (2) law enforcement officials need this information immediately to carry out their law enforcement duties; and (3) in our professional judgment disclosure to these officers is in your best interests;     If Kaleida Health suspects that your death resulted from criminal conduct;     If necessary to report a crime that occurred on our property; or     If necessary to report a crime discovered during an offsite medical emergency (for example, by emergency medical technicians at the scene of a crime).  
1 	To Avert A Serious And Imminent Threat To Health Or Safety. Kaleida Health may use your health information or share it with others when necessary to prevent a serious and imminent threat to your health or safety, or the health or safety of another person or the public. In such cases, we will only share your information with someone able to help prevent the threat. Kaleida Health may also disclose your health information to law enforcement officers if you tell us that you participated in a violent crime that may have caused serious physical harm to another person (unless you admitted that fact while in counseling), or if we determine that you escaped from lawful custody.  
0 	National Security And Intelligence Activities Or Protective Services. Kaleida Health may disclose your health information to authorized federal officials who are conducting national security and intelligence activities or providing protective services to the President of the United States or other important officials.  
0 	Military And Veterans. If you are in the Armed Forces, Kaleida Health may disclose health information about you to appropriate military command authorities for activities they deem necessary to carry out their military mission. We may also release health information about foreign military personnel to the appropriate foreign military authority.  
0 	Inmates And Correctional Institutions. If you are an inmate or you are detained by a law enforcement officer, Kaleida Health may disclose your health information to the prison officers or law enforcement officers if necessary to provide you with health care, or to maintain safety, security and good order at the place where you are confined. This includes sharing information that is necessary to protect the health and safety of other inmates or persons involved in supervising or transporting inmates.  
0 	Workers' Compensation. Kaleida Health may disclose your health information for workers' compensation or similar programs that provide benefits for work-related injuries.  
0 	Coroners, Medical Examiners And Funeral Directors. In the unfortunate event of your death, Kaleida Health may disclose your health information to a coroner or medical examiner. This may be necessary, for example, to determine the cause of death. Kaleida Health may also release this information to funeral directors as necessary to carry out their duties.  
0 	Organ And Tissue Donation. In the unfortunate event of your death, Kaleida Health may disclose your health information to organizations that procure or store organs, eyes or other tissues so that these organizations may investigate whether donation or transplantation is possible under applicable laws.  
1 	Research. As appropriate, Kaleida Health will ask for your written authorization before using your health information or sharing it with others in order to conduct research. However, under some circumstances, Kaleida Health may use and disclose your health information without your written authorization if we obtain approval through a special process to ensure that research without your written authorization poses minimal risk to your privacy. Kaleida Health may also release your health information without your written authorization to people who are preparing a future research project. In the unfortunate event of your death, we may share your health information with people who are conducting research using the information of deceased persons.  
1 	 4. Completely De-identified Or Partially De-identified Information.    Kaleida Health may use and disclose your health information if we have removed any information that has the potential to identify you so that the health information is "completely de-identified." Kaleida Health may also use and disclose "partially de-identified" health information about you if the person who will receive the information signs an agreement to protect the privacy of the information as required by federal and state law.  
0 	Partially de-identified health information will not contain any information that would directly identify you (such as your name, street address, social security number, phone number, fax number, electronic mail address, website address, or license number).  
0 	 5. Incidental Disclosures    While Kaleida Health will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your health information, certain disclosures of your health information may occur during or as an unavoidable result of our otherwise permissible uses or disclosures of your health information. For example, during the course of a treatment session, other patients in the treatment area may see, or overhear discussion of, your health information.  
0 	 YOUR RIGHTS TO ACCESS AND CONTROL YOUR HEALTH INFORMATION    Kaleida Health wants you to know that you have the following rights to access and control your health information. These rights are important because they will help you make sure that the health information we have about you is accurate. They may also help you control the way Kaleida Health uses your information and share it with others, or the way we communicate with you about your medical matters.  
0 	 1. Right To Inspect And Copy Records    You have the right to inspect and obtain a copy of any of your health information that may be used to make decisions about you and your treatment for as long as we maintain this information in our records. This includes medical and billing records. To inspect or obtain a copy of your health information, please submit your request in writing to the Kaleida Health hospital or clinic at which you received your care. If you request a copy of the information, Kaleida Health may charge a fee for the costs of copying, mailing or other supplies we use to fulfill your request. The standard fee is $0.75 per page and must generally be paid before or at the time we give the copies to you.  
0 	Kaleida Health will respond to your request for inspection of records within 10 days. Kaleida Health ordinarily will respond to requests for copies within 30 days if the information is located in our facility, and within 60 days if it is located off-site at another facility. If we need additional time to respond to a request for copies, we will notify you in writing within the time frame above to explain the reason for the delay and when you can expect to have a final answer to your request.  
0 	Under certain very limited circumstances, Kaleida Health may deny your request to inspect or obtain a copy of your information. If we do, Kaleida Health will provide you with a summary of the information instead. Kaleida Health will also provide a written notice that explains our reasons for providing only a summary, and a complete description of your rights to have that decision reviewed and how you can exercise those rights. The notice will also include information on how to file a complaint about these issues with us or with the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. If we have reason to deny only part of your request, Kaleida Health will provide complete access to the remaining parts after excluding the information we cannot let you inspect or copy.  
0 	 2. Right To Amend Records    If you believe that the health information we have about you is incorrect or incomplete, you may ask Kaleida Health to amend the information. You have the right to request an amendment for as long as the information is kept in our records. To request an amendment, please write to the Kaleida Health Privacy Officer, 726 Exchange Street Suite 200, Buffalo, NY 14210. Your request should include the reasons why you think Kaleida Health should make the amendment. Ordinarily Kaleida Health will respond to your request within 60 days. If Kaleida Health needs additional time to respond, we will notify you in writing within 60 days to explain the reason for the delay and when you can expect to have a final answer to your request.  
0 	If Kaleida Health denies part or all of your request, we will provide a written notice that explains our reasons for doing so. You will have the right to have certain information related to your requested amendment included in your records. For example, if you disagree with our decision, you will have an opportunity to submit a statement explaining your disagreement which we will include in your records. Kaleida Health will also include information on how to file a complaint with us or with the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. These procedures will be explained in more detail in any written denial notice we send you.  
0 	 3. Right To An Accounting Of Disclosures    You have a right to request an "accounting of disclosures" which identifies certain other persons or organizations to whom we have disclosed your health information in accordance with applicable law and the protections afforded in this Notice of Privacy Practices. An accounting of disclosures does not describe the ways that your health information has been shared within and between the hospital and the facilities listed at the beginning of this notice, as long as all other protections described in this Notice of Privacy Practices have been followed (such as obtaining the required approvals before sharing your health information with our doctors for research purposes).  
0 	An accounting of disclosures also does not include information about the following disclosures:   Disclosures we made to you or your personal representative;     Disclosures we made pursuant to your written authorization;     Disclosures we made for treatment, payment or business operations;     Disclosures made from the patient directory;     Disclosures made to your friends and family involved in your care or payment for your care;     Disclosures that were incidental to permissible uses and disclosures of your health information (for example, when information is overheard by another patient passing by);     Disclosures for purposes of research, public health or our business operations of limited portions of your health information that do not directly identify you;     Disclosures made to federal officials for national security and intelligence activities;     Disclosures about inmates to correctional institutions or law enforcement officers;     Disclosures made prior to six years from the date of your request.  
0 	To request an accounting of disclosures, please write to the Kaleida Health Privacy Officer, 726 Exchange Street Suite 200, Buffalo, NY 14210.  
0 	Your request must state a time period within the past six years for the disclosures you want us to include. For example, you may request a list of the disclosures that we made the previous year between January 1 and June 1. You have a right to receive one accounting within every 12 month period for free. However, we may charge you for the cost of providing any additional accounting in that same 12 month period. Kaleida Health will always notify you of any cost involved so that you may choose to withdraw or modify your request before any costs are incurred.  
0 	Ordinarily Kaleida Health will respond to your request for an accounting within 60 days. If we need additional time to prepare the accounting you have requested, we will notify you in writing about the reason for the delay and the date when you can expect to receive the accounting. In rare cases, Kaleida Health may have to delay providing you with the accounting without notifying you because a law enforcement official or government agency has asked us to do so.  
0 	 4. Right To Request Additional Privacy Protections    You have the right to request that we further restrict the way Kaleida Health uses and discloses your health information to treat your condition, collect payment for that treatment, or run our business operations. If your restriction applies to disclosure of information to a health plan where you paid in full out of pocket for items or services, and the disclosure is not otherwise required by law, we are required to honor that request. You may also request that we limit how we disclose information about you to family or friends involved in your care. For example, you could request that we not disclose information about a surgery you had. To request restrictions, please write to the Kaleida Health Privacy Officer, 726 Exchange Street Suite 200, Buffalo, NY 14210. Your request should include (1) what information you want to limit; (2) whether you want to limit how we use the information, how we share it with others, or both; and (3) to whom you want the limits to apply.  
0 	Except as noted above, Kaleida Health is not required to agree to your request for a restriction, and in some cases the restriction you request may not be permitted under law. However, if Kaleida Health does agree, we will be bound by our agreement unless the information is needed to provide you with emergency treatment or comply with the law. Once Kaleida Health has agreed to a restriction, you have the right to revoke the restriction at any time. Under some circumstances, Kaleida will also have the right to revoke the restriction as long as we notify you before doing so; in other cases, we will need your permission before we can revoke the restriction.  
0 	 5. Right To Request Confidential Communications    You have the right to request that we communicate with you about your medical matters in a more confidential way by requesting that Kaleida Health communicates with you by alternative means or at alternative locations. For example, you may ask that we contact you at home instead of at work.  
0 	To request more confidential communications, please write to the Kaleida Health Privacy Officer, 726 Exchange Street Suite 200, Buffalo, NY 14210. Kaleida Health will not ask you the reason for your request, and we will try to accommodate all reasonable requests. Please specify in your request how or where you wish to be contacted, and how payment for your health care will be handled if Kaleida Health communicates with you through this alternative method or location.
0 	Privacy, Security, and Accessibility Policies  
1 	USA.gov doesn't collect personal information when you visit our web site unless you choose to provide that information.  
0 	What's on This Page     Information Collected and Stored Automatically     Site Security     Use of Persistent Cookies     Accessibility Policy     External Links     If You Send Us Personal Information  
1 	 Information Collected and Stored Automatically    When you visit USA.gov, we may store some or all of the following: the Internet protocol address from which you access USA.gov, date and time, the name of the web site from which you linked to USA.gov, the name of the file or words you searched, items clicked on a page, and the browser and operating system used.  
1 	This information is used to measure the number of visitors to the various sections of our site and identify system performance or problem areas. We also use this information to help us develop the site, analyze patterns of usage, and to make the site more useful. This information is not used for associating search terms or patterns of site navigation with individual users. USA.gov may anonymize and provide this information to third party entities for the purposes of research analysis. We do not share or sell visitor data for the purposes of advertising, marketing, or any other commercial purpose.  
0 	 Site Security    For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this government computer system employs commercial software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.  
1 	Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits. Raw data logs are used for no other purposes and are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with National Archives and Records Administration guidelines.  
0 	Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act.  
1 	 Use of Persistent Cookies    Like many websites, USA.gov uses "persistent cookie" technology. A persistent cookie is a small text file that this website places on your web browser so that it can gather anonymous summary demographic information, and remember your browser when it is used to visit our site again laterkind of like cookie crumbs! (Hence the name.) These cookies uniquely identify a browser on a computer, but never a person. In other words, if the same person uses Chrome and Internet Explorer, two unique browser cookies will be assigned, one for each browser, so that person will be counted as two different visitors because visits are based on browsers, not computers or persons. We use persistent cookies in two ways, both of which enhance your experience on USA.gov while also protecting your privacy:  
1 	  To remember you when your browser comes back to the site, so we don't invite you to take our customer satisfaction survey every time you visit. Our customer satisfaction survey uses a persistent cookie to ensure we won't invite you to take a customer satisfaction survey within 90 days of completing a survey on USA.gov.  
1 	  To get aggregate metrics on site usage to understand how people are using the site and how we can make it better. We use web metrics services to track activity on USA.gov. Government agencies only ever receive traffic statistics anonymously and in the aggregate.  
1 	  To gather anonymous summary demographic information about our visitors such as gender, age range, and areas of interest for adults over the age of 18. We do this by using Google Demographic and Interests reports. When you visit a website that has partnered with the Google Display Network, Google stores a number in your browser using a persistent cookie to remember your visits. This number uniquely identifies a web browser, not a specific person. Browsers may be associated with a demographic category, such as gender or age range, based on the sites that were visited. This demographic information is used to help us better understand our visitors' interests and needs to more effectively develop content to serve you.  
0 	Most Internet browsers automatically accept persistent cookies. Although using persistent cookies creates a much better experience for you, this site will also work without them. If you don't want to accept cookies, you can edit your browser's options to stop accepting persistent cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. Here's how you can disable cookies and/or Google Demographic and Interests reports.  
0 	 Accessibility Policy    USA.gov is committed to providing access to all individualswith or without disabilitiesseeking information on USA.gov. To provide this information, we've built USA.gov to conform to Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act (as amended). Section 508 requires that all individuals with disabilities (whether federal employees or members of the general public) have access to, and use of, information and data comparable to that provided to individuals without disabilities, unless an undue burden would be imposed on us.  
0 	If you use assistive technology (such as a screen reader, eye tracking device, voice recognition software, etc.) and have difficulty accessing information on USA.gov, please e-mail us and provide the URL (web address) of the material you tried to access, the problem you experienced, and your contact information. We'll contact you and attempt to provide the information you're seeking.  
0 	 External Links    USA.gov links to many websites created and maintained by other public and/or private organizations as outlined in our Linking Policy. If you click a link to an outside website, such as Facebook or YouTube, you will leave the USA.gov site and are subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website.  
1 	 Social Media Sites    While USA.gov manages presence on social media sites (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, YouTube) in order to share government information and engage with the public, we do not collect any Personally Identifiable Information through those sites. We also do not use personal information made available by the user to these third-party sites.  
1 	 If You Send Us Personal Information    We do not collect personal information for any purpose other than to respond to your request. The only personal information that we collect is what you decide to give us by ordering publications, sending us an e-mail, or subscribing to our e-mail subscription services. If you choose to provide us with personal information like filling out a Contact Us form, with an e-mail address and ZIP code, and submitting it to us through the website we use that information to respond to your message, and to help get you the information you requested. Similarly, if you order a publication from us, we will collect your name, and mailing address to fulfill your order.  
0 	We only share the information you give us with another government agency if your question relates to that agency, or as otherwise required by law. USA.gov never collects information or creates individual profiles for commercial marketing.
0 	 Privacy Statement    Thank you for visiting our website. We protect your privacy while you visit us online.  
0 	Personal Information   You do not have to provide any personal information to visit this website.  
1 	If you provide us information about yourself via e-mail or a web form, your information will be used only for the purposes described at the point of collection, such as to send information or products to you, or to respond to your questions or comments. If you provide contact information, National Archives staff or its contractors may contact you to clarify your comment or question, or to learn about your level of customer satisfaction with our services.     We do not sell any personal information to third parties.     We may transfer personal information to a third party only in the following cases:      To a bank or United States Department of the Treasury account, which must receive payment for a transaction that you initiated;     To a company that is contracted to assist us with specific services, including electronic commerce or donations, and which agrees not to sell or use personal information for other purposes;     To legal authorities if we suspect that you are attempting to change or otherwise damage this website, or you are using it in violation of Federal or local laws;     To the Foundation for the National Archives, a non-governmental 501(c)(3) organization that supports the programs and activities of the National Archives, when you use our online services to make a donation; or     To Congress or a court in response to a subpoena.   
0 	The orders you place for reproductions or publications on this site are processed by the National Archives Trust Fund (NATF), a division within the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). The personal information you provide when you place an order with us may be used only to fulfill your order or to facilitate the preparation of internal statistical reports. The National Archives makes every effort to limit the number of people who have access to this personal information. The National Archives employees and authorized NATF contractors who handle credit card information must ensure that it is treated as cash and secured accordingly. Any National Archives official, employee, or contractor who willfully discloses such protected information may be subject to the sanctions included in the Privacy Act (5 U.S.C. 552a). The National Archives Trust Fund will retain your order information only as long as required by law and National Archives policy. If you have questions about the use of your information by the National Archives Trust Fund, please write to National Archives Trust Fund (NAT), 8601 Adelphi Road, College Park, MD 20740.  
0 	 E-mail Information    Please do not send us sensitive information, such as your credit card or social security numbers, via e-mail. It is possible that during transmission of your e-mail this information may be intercepted by a third party. We cannot guarantee its safety while in transit.  
1 	We use return e-mail addresses to answer the e-mails we receive. We would share your e-mail with another federal government agency only if your inquiry related to that agency or if we were required to do so by law.  
1 	 Cookies    "Cookies" are small bits of text that are either used for the duration of a session ("session cookies"), or saved on a user's hard drive in order to identify that user, or information about that user, the next time the user logs on to a website ("persistent cookies"). Your computer will only share the information in the cookie with the website that provided it and no other website can request it. The National Archives website and its component sites may use persistent cookies. By default, we use cookies to enable more streamlined navigation and for statistical analysis to make improvements to our website. A few of our websites may also make use of persistent cookies to remember you between visits so, for example, you can save your customized preference settings for future visits. Each NARA site using persistent cookies identifies itself as doing so.  
1 	  We will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about visitors. We will not share any information we collect with anyone outside of the National Archives.     The usage of cookies in this way is considered a "Tier 2" under the Office of Management and Budget's Memorandum 10-22, Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies.     If you wish to disable cookies and opt out of this process, you can find opt-out instructions on usa.gov. Disabling cookies will not restrict your access to the core content of the website.  
1 	We use persistent cookies on archives.gov for our online American Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI) survey. The survey is delivered randomly to archives.gov, ARC, and AAD visitors as a pop up questionnaire. Answers to the survey help us improve these sitesmaking them easier to use and more responsive to the needs of our visitors.  
1 	Cookies will:     Block the repeated delivery of the survey either in the current visit or in any subsequent visit     Record only that the visitor had the opportunity to answer the survey questions     Expire 60 days after being set     Reduce the burden on visitors to the site by avoiding repeated delivery of the pop-up survey  
1 	Cookies will not:     Collect any information about visitors     Track the web surfing activities of visitors     Indicate whether a visitor answered any questions     Link a particular visitor to any response of set of responses to the survey  
1 	Some of our websites (such as Founder's Online) use a feature called "Web Storage" (which includes HTML5 "local storage") so users can retrieve searches or user-defined preferences, or data marked as a favorite. This feature creates a storage file on the user's local hard drive that holds links to the resources from the website that the individual user previously searched or identified as a preference or favorite. No information from this file is transferred to NARA or any other website. Local storage files can be cleared through your browser settings or disabled, similar to cookies.  
0 	 Embedded Applications    On occasion, the National Archives will embed media in its sites. For example, embedded videos and slideshows are most common on blogs like AOTUS: Collector in Chief. When we embed media from a third party, it is to enhance the visitor's experience.  
1 	Where possible, we embed the media in a way that minimizes the use of cookies. Third party hosts of the embedded media do not collect personally identifiable information (PII) on behalf of NARA. Any PII they collect on their own behalf is not shared with NARA.  
0 	Some of the media embedded from a third party site is from NARA's archival collections and is available through the Online Catalog or on archives.gov. Media from select current public programs is available on archives.gov. Embedded videos are captioned or a transcript will be provided on request.  
0 	 Third-party Websites    In accordance with the Open Government Directive, the National Archives has a presence on several Web 2.0/ social media platforms. Each of these sites provides visitors with a unique way to interact with the National Archives and helps us to open our collections to the public. The National Archives official presence on a social media platform is marked by the use of a NARA logo or seal.  
0 	The essential information shared on these third party sites is available on archives.gov. In almost every case, the documents and records displayed on a third party are available in the Online Catalog.  
1 	The National Archives does not collect personally identifiable information through these social media platforms, as outlined in Privacy Impact Assessments. When a visitor shares PII, such as a Social Security number, we will, to the extent of our ability, remove the PII from the third party website in accordance with our comment and posting policies. The removed information will be retained and disposed of in accordance with the applicable records schedule. Access to this information is restricted to NARA employees who manage NARA's presence on third party sites or who need access to the information to carry out their official duties. The information is secured as outlined in NARA's internal management policy on the handling of personally identifiable information.  
0 	The third party site may retain back up files or other files that contain the removed PII. NARA has no control over the third party's use of this information and makes no representations regarding the third party's responsibilities.  
0 	In addition, the National Archives in conjunction with the Foundation for the National Archives has a number of educational websites hosted by third parties, including Digital Vaults and Docs Teach. These sites have their own privacy policies and allow visitors to log in, create profiles, and save information in those profiles. This information is only accessible by National Archives employees and contractors who manage these sites.  
1 	 Information Collected and Stored Automatically    If you visit our site to read or download information, we collect and store the following information about your visit:     The name of the Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if you are connecting from a university's domain);     The IP address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you are using the Internet) from which you access our site;     The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;     The date and time you access our site;     The Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site;     The country and state from which you access our site;     The pages you visit and the information you request; and     Search terms used to get to our website from an external search engine and terms used on our site using our search engine.  
1 	This information is primarily collected for statistical analysis and technical improvements to the site. The National Archives uses software programs to create summary statistics, which may be used for such purposes as assessing what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas. In certain circumstances, however, we may take additional steps to identify you based on this information and we may share this information, including your identity, with other government agencies.     The information we collect for statistical analysis and technical improvements is maintained indefinitely.     Although questions, comments, and other communications that we receive generally are not retained as permanent records, please note that it is possible that any mail - electronic or paper - that we or any other Federal agency receive could be permanently retained by the agency, if the mail is part of a group of records determined to have permanent historical value.  
1 	 User Accounts    When you voluntarily register for a user account on one of our websites, we ask you to supply some personal information about yourself. An e-mail address and username are required; other information is optional but may be needed to complete specific tasks. Identification of users allows us to support content contributed by the public and to provide a more personalized experience of our websites.  
1 	If there are any issues related to your user account, we may use your email address and username to contact you about the issues involved.  
0 	 Use of Plug-ins    The first time that you use an area of our site that requires animation software, such as "Flash" or "Shockwave," you may see an invitation to go to the software manufacturer's website so you may download software or plug-in needed to view the animation on our website. This prompt occurs because a script can tell whether your browser has the needed capabilities provided by these plug-ins. We do not use "cookies" to do this, nor do we read anything on your computer other than your browser's capabilities. We do not endorse or guarantee anything about the product that you may download from a manufacturer's website. If you choose to visit the manufacturer's website to obtain the plug-in, please carefully review their policies for details about personal privacy and use of their software.  
0 	 Disclaimer of Endorsement    Reference to specific commercial businesses, products, processes, or services by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, on any website administered by the National Archives does not constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the United States Government or by the National Archives. Recognition of commercial businesses, institutions, and organizations mentioned on any website administered by the National Archives that relate, for example, to our development initiatives and partnerships does not imply endorsement by the Government.  
0 	NARA's presence on any third party website, including any social media platform, does not constitute or imply its endorsement of the site. Nor does NARA endorse any social media provider when embedding media from a third-party site. NARA's presence on these sites enhances the public's ability to access to our collections and allows individuals to more easily obtain information about our programs and services.  
0 	 External Links    We provide links from our web pages to external websites because they provide information that may interest our customers. This is provided as a convenience only. External links do not constitute an endorsement by the National Archives of the opinions, products, or services presented on the external site, or of any sites linked to it. The National Archives is not responsible for the legality or accuracy of information on externally linked sites, or for any costs incurred while using externally linked sites.  
0 	External links are intended to support NARA's mission. They are not intended to support private or commercial organizations or businesses. Links to .org, .gov, .edu, .mil or other non-profit sites that share historical and documentary interests inherent to NARA's mission are encouraged because of their general non-commercial, public-interest nature. Links to .com, .net, and other commercial domains are acceptable if supportive of customers' needs and relevant to NARA's mission. NARA cannot support a volume or constant update of changing links that exceed the agency's resources for this maintenance. In cases where NARA links to external web portals, parties that wish to be included among the portal's links should contact the owner of the portal.  
0 	Links to external websites may be removed if the websites lobby or solicit the Federal government on positions of fiscal or political nature, or if they receive funds or revenue for volume of traffic delivered from NARA to the external site where the site is not an official partner of NARA.  
0 	NARA reserves the right to review links and add or remove links at any time for any reason consistent with Federal policy or NARA guidance.  
0 	 Copyright, Restrictions, and Permissions Notice    Generally, materials produced by Federal agencies are in the public domain and may be reproduced without permission. However, not all materials appearing on this website are in the public domain.  
0 	Some materials have been donated or obtained from individuals or organizations and may be subject to restrictions on use.      If you have copyright information about an item you've seen on our website, including items in the Online Catalog, or if you are the copyright owner and believe our website has not properly attributed your work to you or has used it without permission, we want to hear from you. Please email copyright@nara.gov with your contact information and a link to the relevant content.  
0 	You may consult our reference staff for details on specific items. We are aware of donor restrictions applicable to our collections, but we cannot confirm copyright status for any item.     We recommend that you contact the United States Copyright Office at The Library of Congress to search currently copyrighted materials.  
0 	  Please note that because we cannot guarantee the status of specific items, you use materials found in our holdings at your own risk.  
0 	  Images on our website (or a third party site where we share images, such as Flickr) which are in the public domain may be used without permission. If you use images from our collections, we ask that you credit us as the source. Please note that some images on our site have been obtained from other organizations. Permission to use these images should be obtained directly from those organizations.  
0 	  Links may be made to our website from other personal and organizational web pages. We request that you link to our site rather than downloading portions of it to another web server, so that our viewers will see our most up-to-date information.  
0 	  Certain individuals depicted may claim rights in their likenesses and images. Use of photographs or other materials found on the National Archives' website may be subject to these claims. Anyone who intends to use these materials commercially should contact the individuals depicted or their representatives.  
1 	  It is possible that our site will provide you an opportunity to go to a software manufacturer's website so you may download a related plug-in that will enable your browser to show you a part of our website. This prompt occurs because our system can tell whether your browser has the needed capabilities provided by these plug-ins. Our system does not read or place anything on your hard drive when recognizing your browser's capabilities. While the plug-in(s) are needed to view some content, you retain control and choice about conducting the download. At the time that we create and post the web pages that require these software plug-ins for viewing, they are provided by their manufacturer for download and use free of charge. We cannot guarantee, however, guarantee that the plug-in will remain free, or that the manufacturer will not collect personally identifying information about you when you elect to download the software from their site. If you choose to visit the manufacturer's website to obtain the plug-in, please carefully review their posted policies for details about personal privacy and use of downloaded plug-ins.  
0 	Donor Imposed Restrictions upon Materials in our Holdings   Please note that dissemination of some documents - including images, sound, cartographic, textual, or electronic materials - found in our holdings may be restricted by donor agreement. To purchase a copy of these materials, you must obtain permission from the donor. We have provided a Source and Permissions Contact List for some motion pictures, sound and video which may assist you. If you have questions about this process, please contact us.  
0 	Copyright Restrictions upon Materials in our Holdings   Some documents - including images, sound, cartographic, textual, or electronic materials - found in our holdings may be copyrighted. Please note that it is your responsibility to identify the copyright owner and to obtain permission before making use of this material in any way. We have provided a Source and Permissions Contact List for some motion pictures, sound and video which may assist you. If you have questions about this process, please contact us.  
0 	The copyright law of the United States (Title 17, United States Code) governs the making of photocopies or other reproductions of copyrighted material. This law provides that under certain conditions libraries and archives are authorized to furnish a photocopy or other reproduction of materials. One of these specific conditions is that the photocopy or reproduction is not to be "used for any purpose other than private study, scholarship, or research." If you use a photocopy or reproduction for purposes in excess of "fair use," you may be liable for copyright infringement.  
0 	Please note: The National Archives and Records Administration reserves the right to refuse to accept a copying order if, in its judgment, fulfillment of the order would involve violation of copyright law.  
0 	 Information Surety    We recommend that you acquire information describing the services and products of the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) directly from NARA's official websites, because other, non-NARA sources may not be able to maintain accurate information pertaining to our programs.  
0 	We work hard to ensure the information provided to you is accurate and complete. However, it is possible that information may change prior to updating. We welcome your suggestions on how to improve our websites and correct errors.  
0 	Please use the information on this website based on your evaluation and analysis of any risks. It is your responsibility to ensure that the information you use (including software, images, audio files, artwork, and documents) are free of any violations of intellectual property rights. For further discussion on this topic, please read our " copyright, restrictions, and permissions " notice.  
0 	Some of the documents on the server may contain live references (or "pointers") to information created and maintained by other organizations. The National Archives does not control and cannot guarantee the relevance, timeliness, or accuracy of the outside materials.  
0 	Please note that electronic editions of Federal Register publications are posted on the GPO Access website. The National Archives' GPO Access web pages are jointly administered by the National Archives and the Government Printing Office. Federal Register online publications are generally considered to be documents of record under Federal Register regulations and statements posted on the National Archives' website and GPO Access. The National Archives' Office of the Federal Register controls the content of Federal Register publications on GPO Access and stands behind the accuracy and authenticity of the material. Therefore, we provide direct links from National Archives' website to Federal Register web pages on GPO Access.  
0 	Because we do not know how you are using information found on our website, we do not make any express or implied warranties about the information contained in this website for your particular use. Except as to segments of this website specifically identified as authoritative guidance, we disclaim these warranties to the full extent provided by state and Federal law, including, but not limited to the warranties for merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement of proprietary rights. All indirect, consequential, implied, punitive and special damages are deemed waived if you use the information on this website in any manner.  
0 	The vast majority of information presented through websites administered by the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) are not documents of record. Please note that authenticity of information can be confirmed only by examining the "record" version. If you have questions about the authenticity of a document, please contact the owner of the page that concerns you, or you may contact us.  
0 	 Virus Protection    We use virus protection software on our computer systems and regularly update the software. This is a computer security measure that, in addition to maintaining our computer systems, also ensures that all files that we develop and/or post on our web servers are virus-free. When you request a file for download from our site, it is possible, though unlikely, that the data may contract a virus and become corrupted before it reaches your computer. The National Archives and Records Administration is not responsible for files that may become corrupted as the data travels the Internet.  
0 	 Security    For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this Government computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Anyone using this system expressly consents to such monitoring and is advised that if such monitoring reveals evidence of possible abuse or criminal activity, such evidence may be provided to appropriate law enforcement officials. Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on this server are strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law, including the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996.
0 	 Privacy Policy    IFSA-Butler is committed to respecting your privacy and protecting the information we receive from you. This policy is intended to outline the information we collect from users who visit and submit applications to our website and how we use and disclose that information.  
1 	 Information We Collect   IFSA-Butler collects two types of information from visitors to this website:  non-personally identifiable information that is automatically collected anytime you visit an IFSA-Butler webpage, such as IP address, browser type, and referring websites and   information that is voluntarily supplied by visitors through the submission of inquiry forms or applications for programs offered through IFSA-Butler.  
1 	 How We Use Visitor Information    IFSA-Butler collects non-personally identifiable information with the purpose of optimizing the performance of our website.  
0 	We do not rent or sell personally identifiable information to third-parties for their marketing purposes. We may share your information with select third parties in the following circumstances:   We share certain information with overseas institutions and service providers, including universities and host families, so that they may provide our students with the services we request of them.   We may share certain information about you, including but not limited to your name and home institution, for the purposes of promoting IFSA-Butler programs.   We reserve the right to disclose your information to law enforcement and government officials in accordance with applicable laws, court orders and government regulations.    
0 	We use reasonable precautions to protect your information and voluntarily abide by the guidelines outlined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act to maintain your privacy. By using our website, you agree to the transfer of information to countries outside the United States that have institution and service providers associated with our overseas programs.  
1 	 Use of Cookies    IFSA-Butler uses Cookies for the purpose of maintaining your session when you provide information to IFSA-Butler through web forms and our application system. Cookies are small pieces of information transferred from our website to your web browser to streamline your experience on our website and allow web servers to recognize the computer used to access the website. Our website does not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information. You can modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you wish to opt out of this service.  
0 	We also work with third parties, such as Facebook and Twitter, to collect certain user data through our website for the purposes of conversion tracking and serving ads targeted to users' interests. The information we share with these services does not include any specific information relating to your application to an IFSA-Butler program or your personal information. Should you wish to opt out of such tracking, please modify your browser settings or modify your privacy settings within Facebook and Twitter to disable interest-based advertising and tracking.  
0 	 Links to Other Websites   The IFSA-Butler website contains links to other websites that may or may not be affiliated with the Institute for Study Abroad, Butler University. IFSA-Butler is not responsible for the content or privacy practices on these websites, nor does the posting of a link constitute an endorsement by IFSA-Butler of said website.  
0 	 Changing Your Information or Opting Out of IFSA-Butler Communications   The personal information collected about you through our online applications and in our communications with you is stored in our internal database and can be updated or modified at any time by calling (800) 858-0229 or emailing studyabroad@ifsa-butler.org.  
0 	If you wish to no longer receive all communications from IFSA-Butler, you may opt out by contacting us at (800) 858-0229 or by mail at:   1100 W. 42nd Street, Suite 305  Indianapolis, IN 46208-3345  
0 	 Children's Privacy   The IFSA-Butler website is not intended for visitors under the age of 13 and IFSA-Butler does not solicit or intentionally collect information from children under the age of 13.  
0 	 Changes to this Policy   We reserve the right to modify the contents of this privacy policy as needed. All changes to this policy will be posted on the IFSA-Butler website. We encourage you to periodically review this policy to remain up to date on our privacy practices.  
0 	All textual, graphic and other content appearing on this website are the property of the Institute for Study Abroad, Butler University (IFSA-Butler). Copyright 2004-2010. Institute for Study Abroad, 1100 W. 42nd St., Suite 305, Indianapolis, Indiana 46208 USA. All Rights Reserved.  
1 	 Privacy Policy    Protecting your personal information and privacy is important to the Library. We collect, use, and share information obtained from our online visitors and subscribers to Short Message Service (SMS) notifications only in the following ways:   We will only collect personal information that you voluntarily provide.   We will only use the personal information you provide for its intended purpose.   We will only disclose personal information to a government agency if required by law.   We will only disclose personal information to contractors or associates to carry out your requests; these third parties follow our privacy policy or prominently display their own.   We will not disclose your personal information to other outside parties without first obtaining your permission.   We provide a safe online environment for children and follow COPPA principles.   We have implemented safeguards to protect any information collected.  
0 	For more information follow these links:     Types of Information Collected     Automatically Collected Information     Information Collected for Measurement and Customization (Cookies)     Personal Information     Children's Privacy Policy  
1 	 Types of Information Collected    The Library collects several types of information, although never for commercial marketing use:   Automatically Collected Information     Information Collected for Measurement and Customization (Cookies)     Personal Information  
0 	The Library has implemented safeguards to protect this information, including only providing access to designated Library staff members that require this access to perform their duties.  
1 	 Automatically Collected Information    The Library of Congress strives to provide the best experience for our Web and SMS users. To that end, the Library automatically collects and stores the following non-personally identifiable information:   The name of the domain from which you access the Internet,     The Internet Protocol address of your Internet provider's gateway, or in some cases, the computer you are using,     The date and time you access the Library's site,     The URL of the pages you visit and files you download,     The Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site,     Characteristics of your system, and     Search terms used to come to the site and while on the site (in aggregate only).  
1 	This information allows us to improve our website design, presentation and system performance. We collect this information from users who read, browse and/or download information from the Library's websites.  
1 	Additionally, if you choose to receive our Library Alerts via text message delivered to cell phones by SMS messaging, we automatically collect your cell phone number so we can send you the Library Alerts. You can opt out of our Library Alerts at any time.  
0 	 Information Collected for Measurement and Customization (Cookies)    The Library wants to provide our users with the best online experience possible. As such, we use commercial software products to analyze and report on aggregated web metrics data. This data is generally retained indefinitely to support the mission of our Library of Congress web properties.  
1 	The Library uses three types of information collecting tools on its various websites: session cookies, persistent cookies, and other customization tools. "Cookies" are small files that a website transfers to your computer to allow the site to remember specific information. If you do not want cookies to be transferred to your computer, you may choose to opt out of their use by modifying your browser options. While you will still be able to access most features of the Library's websites, certain features may not work as well or may be unavailable to you.  
1 	Session cookies do not contain personal information and once you close your browser, the cookies disappear. The Library uses session cookies on our site for technical purposes such as to enable you to more easily navigate throughout the Library's websites. Session cookies only collect non-personally identifiable data.  
1 	Persistent cookies store information on your computer for longer periods of time and across multiple sessions. The Library never uses persistent cookies to collect personal identifiable information about our website visitors. The Library uses persistent cookies to improve our web metrics by distinguishing between new and returning visitors; to prevent repeated prompting to complete our customer satisfaction survey, to anonymously aggregate data on how visitors use our sites and to "remember" preferences that you voluntarily provide in order to create a more seamless experience.  
1 	Customization tools allow you to voluntarily provide information to personalize and improve your online experience on a particular Library website. This information is saved on our servers.  
1 	 Personal Information    In order to use certain features of the Library's websites, you may need to submit personal information so we can respond appropriately. We will inform you what information we require and will only use it for the stated purpose. Examples include making a purchase from the Library's online gift shop, requesting a response on a feedback form and participating in the Library's wikis or blog areas. By providing the information, you are giving consent to the Library to use the information for the stated purpose; if you do not want to provide the information, the feature will not be available to you.  
0 	Occasionally, we may associate or contract with third parties in order to better serve you, for example, to fulfill your online order, or provide you with requested information or email updates, to collect your voluntarily provided feedback. Those sites will either follow our privacy policy or display their own. Except for the foregoing exceptions and for authorized government law enforcement activities, the Library does not provide personal information to outside organizations without first obtaining your permission.  
0 	 Children's Privacy Policy    Children are naturally curious about our world and the Library considers it part of its mission to reach out to them in creative and educational ways that protect their privacy. Certain Library websites offer educational content to children under 13 and this privacy policy, which complies with COPPA (the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act), will be available at these sites by a link.  
0 	Some of these sites provide games and activities, and occasionally, we collect personally identifiable information in order to complete the one-time game or activity. We do not use the information for any other purpose and delete the information as soon as practical. For example, in our Lifelong Literacy area, children can create an online picture postcard and email it to a friend. In order to send the online postcard, we need both email addresses as well as the child's first name so that the recipient will know who sent the card. This information is not retained. If the child chooses to post the online postcard in our gallery, we will not post any personally identifying information.  
0 	If we become aware that a child under the age of 13 has made a request for information, for example through our Ask a Librarian forms, we will respond to the request and any identifying information will be deleted once we have responded. Similarly, if we become aware that a child under 13 posted personally identifiable information on any of our websites, we will also delete that information.  
0 	The Library will disclose information about a child under the age of 13 if it is necessary to protect the child or the site itself, or to respond to law enforcement.  
0 	We take children's privacy very seriously, and encourage parents to contact us with any questions or concerns they may have via the web form at www.loc.gov/contact/web-site-comments/. Additionally, if parents want us to delete any collected personally identifiable information about their children under the age of 13, they can also contact us at the website address listed above.  
0 	 Linking to the Library's Website    As a publicly supported U.S. Government institution, the Library generally does not own rights in its collections and what is posted on its website. Therefore, it does not charge permission fees for use of such material and generally does not grant or deny permission to publish or otherwise distribute material on its website. However, the Library requests that your link to the Library's website be presented in a manner that does not give the impression that the Library is making an express or implied endorsement of any good or service provided on your website and that the link is presented in a manner that clearly indicates that the user is leaving one site and accessing another.  
1 	 About Our Web Surveys    The Library uses various types of online forms and surveys to collect opinions and feedback from a random sample of visitors. Primarily, the Library uses the ForeSee Results' American Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI) online survey on an ongoing basis to obtain feedback and data on visitors' satisfaction with various Library of Congress web properties. The ACSI survey invitation pops up for a random sample of visitors; it is voluntary and does not collect personal information. The Library may also use other third party forms and surveys allowing you to provide feedback. All information you submit is voluntary.  
0 	If you are randomly selected, a pop-up window will lead to the survey. The survey uses a persistent "cookie" to recognize that you have been invited to complete the survey and block subsequent prompts. If you have set up your Internet browser to ignore or disable pop-ups, you will not be able to be randomly selected for the survey. If you have disabled JavaScript in your browser, but are interested in responding to our survey if randomly selected, you will want to enable JavaScript and reload the website now.  
0 	If you get the survey pop-up request, please consider completing it for us. Thank you for your time and comments.  
0 	August 11, 2014
0 	 PRIVACY POLICY    Copyright 2008 Abita and ABITA.COM, LLC TM. All Right Reserved.  
0 	Abita is committed to protecting your privacy. By accessing this website, you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this privacy statement.  
1 	 Collection of your Personal Information:    We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you to provide a service or carry out a transaction that you have requested such as receiving information about Abita products and services, entering a contest, ordering e-mail newsletters, joining a limited-access premium site or service, or when purchasing, downloading and/or registering Abita products. The personal information we collect may include your name, title, company or organization name, work e-mail, work phone, work or home address, information about your job function, information about your company, information about circumstances related to your purchase, and payment information.  
1 	We may collect certain information about your visit, such as the name of the Internet service provider and the Internet Protocol (IP) address through which you access the Internet; the date and time you access the site; the pages that you access while at the Site and the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to our site. This information is used to help improve the site, analyze trends and administer the site.  
0 	 Control of your Personal Information:    Except as otherwise described in this statement, personal information you provide on the site will not be shared outside of Abita and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates without your permission.  
0 	Please be aware that this privacy statement and any choices you make on the site will not necessarily apply to personal information you may have provided to Abita in the context of other, separately operated, Abita products or services.  
1 	ABITA.COM may send out periodic e-mails informing you of issues related to a product or service you requested, or confirming you requested a product or service such as invoices and confirmations. In some services offered by ABITA.COM, contact with the customer is a necessary part of the service.  
0 	Some services offered on ABITA.COM may collect information that is not accessible to the customer via our website. In such cases, you can access your personal information by contacting ABITA.COM as described at the bottom of this statement, or through alternative means of access described by the service.  
0 	 Security of your Personal Information:    Abita is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer servers with limited access that are located in controlled facilities. Additionally, when we transmit sensitive personal information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.  
0 	 Protection of Children's Personal Information    ABITA.COM does not knowingly collect any personal information from children. It is against our Terms of Use for anyone under 21 to submit data to our site.  
1 	 Use of Cookies    We may use cookies and/or web beacons on this website to ensure the integrity of the registration process and to personalize the site. Cookies and Web Beacons cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. You can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of this or other Web sites you visit. ABITA.COM prohibits Web Beacons from being used to collect or access your personal information.  
0 	 Unsubscribe Information    Instructions to remove an email address are located on the bottom of every promotional email. Alternatively, unsubscribe requests may be handled using our online unsubscription form.  
0 	 How to Contact Us    If you have any questions or concerns about the ABITA.COM online privacy policy or its implementation you may contact us at: ABITA.COM Customer Care, Attn: Privacy Policy Issues, PO Box 1510, Abita Springs, LA 70420; or online at friends@ABITA.COM  
0 	You may also send an e-mail or letter to the above e-mail or street address requesting access to or correction of your personally identifiable information. For verification purposes please include your first name, last name, e-mail address and the password you use for said ABITA.COM service.
0 	 Privacy Statement    The Coffee Review is committed to preserving your privacy. The following statement discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for the CoffeeReview.com website and the Coffee Review Marketplace.  
1 	IP Addresses. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and, in the case of the Coffee Review Marketplace, your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information in the interest of improving our site and service.  
1 	Cookies. A cookie is a unique identifier collected by the site to verify a return visitor's identity, or to understand how visitors navigate the site. The use of cookies is a standard practice on the Internet and most major web sites use them. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies; however, you can usually change your browser to prevent or notify you whenever you are sent a cookie. This gives you the chance to decide whether or not to accept the cookie.  
1 	The cookie itself does not tell us who you are, your email address, nor any other personal information. We use the information to improve our website and improve your experience while at our website.  
0 	Even without accepting cookies, you can access most of the features of the Coffee Review website. However, there may be some limitations on your use of some site functionality.  
1 	Registration Forms. Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and e-mail address), financial information (like their account or credit card numbers), and demographic information (like their zip code and state). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future e-mails; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to check the users' qualifications for registration. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to help us improve this website and our service.  
1 	Online Surveys and Contests. From time to time, we may conduct online surveys to help us better understand and serve the needs of our customers. Our online surveys may ask visitors for contact information (like their e-mail address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). With your permission, we may use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may always opt-out of receiving future e-mails.  
1 	Customer Service Correspondence. We may collect information that identifies you personally when you submit comments, questions or suggestions to our Customer Service department.  
0 	Use of Your Personal and Non-Personal Information. Except as disclosed in this policy, we do not sell or disclose information that identifies our guests personally or makes it possible for other parties to contact them directly without our guests' consent. We may use, sell, disclose, or otherwise dispose of Personal Information we collect in the following circumstances:  
0 	Legal Requirements. We may disclose personal information to conform with the law, respond to claims, enforce our policies, protect and defend our copyrights, trademarks, employees, and/or the unlawful use of our website.  
0 	Other Emergencies. We may disclose personal information if we believe that an emergency involving danger of death or serious injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies immediate disclosure of records.  
0 	Company Sale. Information collected through our website is considered proprietary information and a trade secret of the Coffee Review and the Coffee Review Marketplace. As the owner of this information, we may disclose or sell such information as an asset of the company in conjunction with the sale of the company or a substantial portion of our assets to a third party.  
1 	Aggregate Information. We collect Aggregate Information about you and your use of our Site whenever you visit us online. For instance, we may collect various forms of "click stream" information such as entry and exit points for our Site (i.e., referring URLs or domains), site traffic statistics, page views, impressions, and operating system and browser type. In addition, when users request pages on our Site, our servers automatically log their IP addresses. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web.  
1 	We may use third-party software that tracks traffic directed to CoffeeReview.com from affiliate Web sites and the purchases that result from this traffic. This information is aggregated and is not tied to an individual purchase.  
1 	This aggregate Information generally will not personally identify you or be correlated to you individually for external purposes. We may collect, compile, store, publish, promote, report, sell, or otherwise disclose or use any and all aggregate Information, provided that, such information does not personally identify you. When we share such information with other companies, it is not traceable to any particular user, and will not be used to contact you. If we do correlate any aggregate Information to you, such information will be treated like any other personal Information under this policy.  
0 	Children. CoffeeReview.com is a general audience site that is not designed nor intended to collect personal information from children under the age of 13. To respect the privacy of children and to comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, children under the age of 13 should not provide any personal information on this website. We ask that parents supervise their children while online.
1 	 PRIVACY STATEMENT    OUR COMMITMENT TO PROTECTING YOUR PRIVACY Community Coffee Company respects your right to privacy and is committed to protecting it. In our site, we give you opportunities to provide your name, address, email and other relevant information that we use to give you a more personalized shopping experience and to make ordering and reordering easier for you. We do not sell or trade customer information with others for use on their mailing lists.  
0 	THE PROTECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL ACCOUNT INFORMATION When you place an order on our site, it is placed through a secure server. This server encrypts all information you input before it is sent. Once your personal information is received, we protect it against unauthorized use.  
1 	THE USE OF COOKIES Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers which collect anonymous browsing data that enables us to recognize your browser and provide convenience features such as the storing of items in your Shopping Cart and the personalization of content based on your preferences. You can learn how to de-activate cookies using the Help feature of your browser, but we recommend that you leave them turned on in order to enjoy all the value-added features of this website.
0 	Your Privacy  
0 	Caribou Coffee Privacy Statement June 3, 2003  
0 	Caribou Coffee Company, Inc. ("Caribou Coffee") knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully. Therefore, this online Privacy Statement tells you about the information Caribou Coffee collects through the services available on www.cariboucoffee.com (the "Site"), and how we use that information.  
0 	By using the Site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Statement, as modified by us from time to time. If we change this Privacy Statement, we will post a notice on the home page of www.cariboucoffee.com and change the date at the top of this Privacy Statement, so that you are always aware of the information that we collect and how we use it. Therefore, we encourage you to check this page periodically for updates or changes whenever you visit the Site.  
0 	All changes will become effective when posted, and by continuing to use the Site following the posting of any changes, you agree to be bound by such modified Privacy Statement.  
0 	 The Information We Collect and How We Use It    When you visit and use the Site, we gather certain information to help us better serve you. The information that we receive and collect depends on what you do when you visit the Site.  
0 	Except as described in this Privacy Statement, we do not sell, rent, share or disclose the personally identifiable information that you provide to us (which is information that can be used to identify you individually) with any other organization. Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others.  
0 	Currently, Caribou Coffee sends personally identifiable information to third-party service providers that work on our behalf to provide services relating to the ongoing maintenance and operation of the Site.  
0 	These third parties do not have the right to use the personally identifiable information beyond what is necessary to assist us. They are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of such information, and are prohibited from using such information in any way not expressly authorized by Caribou Coffee.  
0 	Some of our employees have access to customer information only in order to serve customers or maintain our information systems. These employees are subject to our corporate privacy policy.  
1 	 Submitting an Order    When you submit an order we ask for your name, email address, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, fax number and credit card information. Your credit card information is sent to, and processed by third party financial institutions and their vendors. These service providers receive this information only for the purpose of verifying your credit card information, and for processing payment for your order, and they are obligated to keep this information confidential.  
1 	 Registering your Caribou Gift Card    When you register your Caribou Gift Card on the Site, we ask for your name, email address, phone number and mailing address. This information is collected solely for the administration of our Caribou Gift Card program, and for replacing your Caribou Gift Card in the event it is lost or stolen.  
1 	 Submitting a Resume    If you are interested in applying for a job with Caribou Coffee, we collect the information asked for in the online application, and we use that information solely for the purpose of matching your experience and preferences with the job openings we have, and someone from Caribou Coffee may contact you to ask for your resume and to discuss potential employment opportunities. The information you submit is used solely for the purposes of recruiting and is not shared with any third party.  
0 	Please note that by submitting your information regarding employment opportunities with Caribou Coffee, you authorize us to transmit and store your information in our recruitment database, and to circulate that information as necessary for the purpose of evaluating your qualifications for job vacancies at Caribou Coffee.  
0 	Please be aware that we may disclose any information you provide to us (including personally identifiable information) in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law, or that doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, to respond to any claims or to protect our rights, property or personal safety, or that of our customers or the public.  
1 	 Information We Automatically Collect    Some information is automatically collected when you visit the Site. We collect the name of the domain and host from which you access the internet, the internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using, the browser software you use and your operating system, the date and time you access the Site, and the internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to the Site.  
1 	We use this information to monitor the Site and provide us with the ability to enhance our customers' shopping experience by serving up relevant content and to determine aggregate information about usage patterns.  
1 	We use cookies to enhance the browsing and shopping experience on the Site. "Cookies" are small files or records that we place on your computer's hard drive to collect information about your activities on the Site. The information captured makes it possible for us to speed navigation, keep track of items in your shopping cart and provide you with custom tailored content.  
0 	You can choose to have your browser warn you every time a cookie is being sent to you or you can turn off your computer's ability to receive cookies. If you refuse cookies, you will not be able to open a shopping cart on the Site, and therefore will not be able to complete an order with us online.  
1 	Caribou Coffee uses pixels, or transparent GIF files, to help manage online advertising. These GIF files are provided by our ad management partner, DoubleClick. These files enable DoubleClick to recognize a unique cookie on your Web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website. The cookie was placed by us, or by another advertiser who works with DoubleClick.  
1 	With both cookies and Spotlight technology, the information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable. It does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address. For more information about DoubleClick, including information about how to opt out of these technologies, go to http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy.  
0 	 How We Secure Your Information    We make every effort to ensure that your personal information is protected on our system. Our Site uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption to help ensure that your personal information cannot be read as it passes over the Internet, including your credit card number.  
0 	We also require our credit card transaction processor to use adequate security and encryption technology to ensure the safety and security of your personally identifiable information.  
0 	 Communications from Caribou Coffee    When registering your Caribou Gift Card, you may, sign up for a free eNewsletter, which contains product update information and a birthday greetings email on your birthday from Caribou Coffee. If you do not sign up for the product update or birthday greeting emails you will not receive them.  
0 	Upon placing an order on www.cariboucoffee.com you will receive an email confirmation notifying you that we have received your order.  
0 	 Children    Protecting the privacy of children is very important to us. For that reason, our Site does not solicit, collect or maintain personally identifiable information from users we actually know are under age 13. Children under the age of 13 should not provide any personally identifiable information on the Site, and we ask that children are supervised by a parent while visiting the Site.  
0 	 Changing Your Personal Information After Registering Your Caribou Gift Card    If any of your personal information changes after you register your Caribou Gift Card you may log into www.cariboucoffee.com and update your personal information.  
0 	 Questions and Feedback    If you have any questions about our privacy statement or our use of your information please email us. The content of any comments, suggestions, questions, information and feedback received by Caribou Coffee shall be deemed to be non-confidential.  
1 	Any comments or materials sent to Caribou Coffee through this Site, including all feedback, questions, comments, suggestions, questionnaires and the like, shall become the sole property of Caribou Coffee. Caribou Coffee shall be free to use any such suggestions, comments, concepts and the like for any and all purposes of its sole choosing, without payment of any compensation.  
0 	 Links    The Site may include links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by vendors and other third parties (the "External Sites"). Caribou Coffee is not responsible for the availability of, or the content, products, services, information or materials located on or available through, any External Site.  
0 	You should contact the site administrator or Webmaster for those External Sites if you have any concerns regarding any matter related to or available from such External Sites, including without limitation, the privacy practices of such sites.  
0 	 Cell Phone  Caribou will only send our customers text messages regarding promotional offers or other news if a customer specifically grants us permission. A customer has the right to choose not to receive Caribou text messages by simply notifying us of their preference or responding STOP to 65017. This process is commonly termed opting-out or unsubscribing.  
0 	Caribou keeps your cell phone number private at all times. As the term suggests, "customer identifiable information" is information which can be associated with a specific individual or entity, including, for example, a customer's name, address, or telephone number or any preferences.  
0 	Caribou does not knowingly, directly or passively, collect information cell phone information from children under the age of 13. If we create offers and products that make it appropriate to collect information from children under the age of 13, we will notify you of the change in this Policy.
0 	Privacy Policy   Last revised on December 31, 2014  
1 	1. Purpose and Scope of this Privacy Policy.   This privacy policy describes how Hearst Communications, Inc.and its Affiliates (collectively, "Hearst") treat the Personally Identifiable Information that is collected about you when you visit the web sites, mobile-optimized versions of the web sites, and digital applications to which this policy is linked (collectively, "Covered Sites"). For the purposes of this policy, an entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with another entity shall be deemed to be an "Affiliate", where control means ownership of 15% or more of the voting stock or other ownership interests. For the purposes of this policy, "PersonallyIdentifiable Information" is information that we can use to identify or contact you as an individual, and includes your name, email address, address,telephone number and any other information that we associate with any of the foregoing. By submitting PersonallyIdentifiable Information through any of our Covered Sites, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you expressly consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this privacy policy.  
0 	b. This privacy policy does not apply to information collected about you by anyone except Hearst and only applies to the Covered Sites(defined above). This privacy policy does not apply to Hearst websites which are not linked to this policy and does not apply to non-Hearst websites, including those linked to or advertised on a Covered Site. Any information you provide when you visit websites other than those covered by this policy will be subject to the privacy policies posted on those sites.  
0 	c. We may offer our Magazines through certain third party websites via a subscription page on such third party websites that is linked to this policy. For the avoidance of doubt, such subscription page is a "Covered Site" and this policy applies to information collected through the subscription page, but does not apply to information collected through the third party website.  
0 	d. Except as specified herein, this policy also does not apply to information you may provide to us offline; however please do be aware that if you subscribe offline to one of the magazines published by Hearst ("Magazines"), from time to time we make your postal addresses available to companies for marketing purposes.  
0 	e. Certain features of the Covered Sites may be subject to additional or different privacy provisions, which will be posted on the CoveredSite in connection with such features. All such additional or different privacy provisions are incorporated by reference into this privacy policy.  
1 	2. Collection of Information   a. Information You Provide. Hearst generally collects Personally Identifiable Information that you voluntarily provide. For instance, when you enter a sweepstakes or contest, complete a survey, participate in a reader panel, register for those portions of our Covered Sites that may require registration, make a purchase,participate in our social networking features, request back issues of our Magazines, subscribe to our Magazines, subscribe to receive newsletters,promotional correspondence, or other electronic services, or send us an email or feedback, you may be asked to provide information such as your e-mail address, name, phone number, shipping address, and billing information, and we will collect such information as well as any other content you provide us in engaging in any of the above activities. Information such as your age, gender, hobbies or interests may also be requested. If you elect to post material to any blogs, forums, participate in our social networking features or other community boards that may be offered on our Covered Sites, then such materials will be collected and may be publicly available for others to view.  
1 	b. Cookies.   (i) Hearst (or third party service providers on our behalf) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer. A cookie is a small amount of data (often including a unique identifier), that is sent to your browser from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. Some of our cookies may be local shared objects, also known as Flash cookies. Cookies may be session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them). Hearst uses cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our Covered Sites and in other media. We may use cookies to control the display of ads, to track usage patterns on the sites, to deliver editorial content, to record requests for subscriptions and to personalize information. Our cookies may contain Personally Identifiable Information and such cookies may be shared with others to the same extent indicated in Section 4.Hearst (or third party service providers on our behalf) may also use cookies to collect aggregate information about web site users on an anonymous basis("Anonymous Information"). We may share aggregate demographic and usage information with our prospective and actual business partners, advertisers and other third parties for any business purpose.  
0 	(ii) Some of our third party partners (including advertisers and marketing services companies) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer as well, or we may do so on their behalf. We do not have control over how these third parties use such cookies and similar technologies or the information derived therefrom.  
0 	(iii) If you don't want cookies, most Web browsers include an option that allows you to not accept them. However, if you set your browser to refuse cookies, some portions of our Covered Sites may not function efficiently. Flash cookies may regenerate HTTP cookies that you have affirmatively deleted. Deleting, rejecting, disabling or turning offHTTP cookies as described above will not remove flash cookies. We use flash cookies as an alternative method to HTTP cookies for storing information about your web browsing history across unaffiliated domains, unrelated to the delivery of content through the FlashPlayer or the performance of the Flash Player in delivering such content. You can manage and delete flash cookies by visiting http://kb2.adobe.com/cps/526/52697ee8.html.  
1 	c. Gifs. We may use "clear GIFs" (aka "webbeacons" or "pixel tags") or similar technologies, in the sites and in our communications with you to enable us to know whether you have visited a web page or received a message. A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel,transparent image (although it can be a visible image as well), located on a web page or in an e-mail or other type of message, which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual's viewing or receipt of a web page or message. A clear gif may enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a webpage or message to other information about you, including your Personally Identifiable Information.  
1 	d. IP Address. Your Internet Protocol ("IP") address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider, your company or your university. Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us(e.g., another Web site or a search engine); the pages you visit on our Covered Sites, the web sites you visit after this web site; the ads you see; the ads you click on; other information about the type of web browser, computer,platform, related software and settings you are using; any search terms you have entered on this web site or a referral site; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers, gather broad demographic information, and administer our Covered Sites. We may also link this information with yourPersonally Identifiable Information when we feel that it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules and policies or terms of service or to protect our Covered Sites, customers or others.  
1 	e. Location Information. We may, and may enable our advertisers to, collect your location via certain services we provide through digital applications, wireless access protocol services ("WAP Services")or mobile phone service ("Mobile Services"). We, or the service provider, will inform you of such collection at the time you use the service. By using such service, you hereby consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your location information as described.  
1 	f. Third Parties. We may receive information from third parties,including demographic information from your mobile carrier, and information from third parties that solicit subscriptions to our magazines. Those third parties have privacy policies that differ from this Privacy Policy.  
0 	g. Tracking Requests. Hearst does not act on Do Not Track requests from your browser. For more information click here  
0 	h. Effect of Tracking Requests. Hearst does not act on Do Not Track requests from your browser because, this way, we are able to personalize your experience on our sites and tailor content to your interests.  
1 	3. Use of Information.   a. Hearst uses information we collect from you in part to provide you with the service you have requested. If you subscribe to any of our Magazines, we may also use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you your Magazine. Similarly, if you enter online sweepstakes, we will also use this information to notify you if you area winner. We also use your information to register you, identify you as a user, improve our Covered Sites and services, send you administrative notifications, and respond to your inquiries. We might also send out e-mails to users and sweepstakes/contest entrants to announce special offers,services and announcements from our Covered Sites, our partners and/or our advertisers.We also use information in connection with advertising and to serve other content, as described in section 4(d) below.  
1 	b. We may combine and use any and all information we collect on you either online or otherwise, including from third parties, for marketing purposes.  
1 	c. When you provide us your email address(e.g., to subscribe to our Magazines) but are not already a registered user of one of our Covered Sites, some of our Covered Sites may assign you a user name and password so that we can enhance your user experience by facilitating easy entry into other features and offers on the Covered Sites and saving your preferences. Certain areas on our Covered Sites require registration, and in those areas, you will be asked to establish your own user name and password or you can elect to use the one we've assigned. Your user name and password ("User Registration") will function across many of our Covered Sites, regardless of brand. Your User Registration will also be recognized at some of our Affiliate sites and sites which we partner with so that you may easily access features on those sites using your User Registration ("Shared Registration Sites"); however the information we provide and your actions on those Shared Registration Sites will be governed by the separate privacy policies of those Shared Registration Sites. A list of those Shared Registration Sites is set forth below, and may be updated from time to time. Current SharedRegistration Sites are: The National Magazine Company Limited. You may elect to change your UserRegistration at any time by logging in and editing your User Registration (each of our Covered Sites will contain log-in information). You may also log-in to cancel any User Registration that you may have selected or that we may have assigned. If you cancel your User Registration, we will retain your email address, user name and assigned user ID on file and use them only for thepurpose of assuring you are not automatically registered again, against your wishes. You may request deletion of your Personally Identifiable Information by us, but please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives. We may retain your information for fraud or similar purposes.  
1 	d. In addition, we may use information you provide us through emails, QA, blogs, forums, in response to polls, or through any other user generated submission for editorial purposes, and may use your name and any stories you provide us in articles published online and in our Magazines. If you provide us with personal anecdotes,they may be attributed to you. Hearst can edit, rewrite, use, and reuse the content, including your name, likeness,photograph, and biographical information you provide, with or without attribution, including publication in the Magazines, and in trade media, and advertising.  
1 	e. We may create Anonymous Information from PersonallyIdentifiable Information by excluding information (such as your name) that make the data personally identifiable to you. We use this Anonymous Information for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Information to third parties in our sole discretion.  
0 	4. Disclosure of Your Information   a. In addition to the other disclosures described in this policy, Hearst may (and you authorize us to) share or disclose Personally Identifiable Information about you to other companies or individuals in the following situations:  
0 	(i) We utilize third party service providers to provide products, services or functions on our behalf (such as sending emails or processing credit cards or fulfilling subscriptions), and ask these service providers to agree to maintain the confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information and not to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any reason except to carry out the purpose(s) for which we hired them. ("Service ProviderException").
0 	  (ii) You have entered a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by a third party, in which case the information you provide via the contest or sweepstakes may be shared by us with that third party for their use in their discretion, including direct marketing. Some of our contests and sweepstakes will ask you at the time of entry whether you would like to have your personal information shared with the sponsor, in which case we will honor your selection. Other contests will not give you that option and in that event, if you do not want your information to be shared, you should not enter the contest. The privacy policies of such third party companies apply to their use and disclosure of your information that we collect and disclose to such third party companies.  
0 	(iii) The entity to whom the information is disclosed is a Shared Registration Site (as defined in Section 3(c)above).  
0 	(iv) The entity to whom the information is disclosed is an Affiliate of Hearst.  
0 	(v) In accordance with your indicated preferences (e.g., you indicated you wanted to receive promotional materials directly from a third party partner).  
0 	(vi) The entity is a third party who wants to promote goods and services we think would be of interest to you.  
0 	(vii) You have furnished us Personally Identifiable Information with the intent that it be forwarded to a third party for use in connection with a specified service you are electing to participate in (examples include, without limitation, e-commerce partners, services to help old friends locate you online, etc.).  
0 	(viii) We need to protect our legal rights (for example, if we are trying to collect money you owe us); we must comply with applicable laws,regulations, or legal or regulatory process, or comply with subpoenas or warrants served on us, or in connection with a legal investigation; or we have reason to believe that someone may be causing injury to someone or interfering with our rights or the rights of our users, or general public, or using our services in violation of a legal or personal right, including our Terms of Use(collectively, the "Legal Exceptions").  
0 	(ix) In connection with a sale, merger, transfer, exchange, or other disposition (whether of assets, stock, or otherwise, including via bankruptcy)of all or a portion of the business conducted by the Covered Site to which this policy applies, in which case the company will possess the Personally Identifiable Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personally Identifiable Information as described in this privacy policy ("Acquisition Exception").  
1 	b. Social Networks. If you use your login credentials from a social networking site (e.g., Facebook or Twitter) ("SNS") on a Covered Site, we may receive information from such SNS in accordance with the terms and conditions (e.g.,terms of use and privacy policy) of the SNS ("SNS Terms"). If you elect to share your information with these SNS,we will share information with them in accordance with your election. The SNS Terms of these SNS will apply to the information we disclose to them.  
0 	c. Third Party Partners. Some of our Covered Sites may from time to time partner with a retailer or other third party to offer online shopping opportunities, games, services, subscriptions and other applications on a co-branded or cross-promotional basis. Those transactions may take place on a Covered Site, or the site of the third party. In either case, Personally Identifiable Information you provide in connection with the transaction may be collected directly by, or shared by Hearst with, the third party, as well as with any participating sponsors or advertisers of such opportunities and features. Some of our Covered Sites may offer you the ability to access a third-party site with whom we have a relationship to access both sites through a co-branded registration or password; in that event, your applicable registration information may be collected directly by, or shared by Hearst with,the third-party partner. We will notify you at the applicable point of sign up if any such co-branded registration or password practices will be in effect. These third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy policy.  
0 	d. Delivery of Advertising and Other Content.   (i) In addition to ads and content that we serve you directly,we use third-party advertising companies and marketing services companies to serve ads and other content when you visit our Covered Sites and elsewhere on the internet and in other media. Both we and these companies may use information about your visits to this Covered Site and elsewhere to serve ads and other content to you. In the course of doing so, a unique third-party cookie may be placed or recognized on your browser by such companies. In addition,we and these companies may use Web beacons to help manage our online advertising and content. These Web beacons enable us and the third-party companies to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this site and to learn which banner ads bring users to our website and to serve you ads that you may find of interest elsewhere on the internet and in other media. Both Hearst and these companies may use information obtained from your visits to the Covered Sites (including your status as a customer of Hearst), other websites, and information received from you offline in order to provide advertisements about goods and services and other content of interest to you across the internet and in other media. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used in this manner by our third party advertising companies please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp. You may also visit alc-opt-out.com to find out how our marketing services companies operate.  
0 	(ii) In addition, we may provide Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information to marketing services companies. This may include information we received from you offline or online. These companies may combine information we provide (including Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information) with personal and anonymous information they may have about you, using cookies they place or that we place on their behalf, as described in Section 2(b). We require these companies to delete the Personally IdentifiableInformation we provide them. These companies may use the resulting non-personal information and such cookies for their own marketing purposes, and they may provide the same to their customers for their customer's marketing purposes. If you would like to know your choices about not having this information used by such companies, please visit: alc-opt-out.com.  
0 	(e) Subscription Video Services. We may offer the right for you to access video content as a paid subscription service("Paid Video Subscription Services"). As a condition of becoming a subscriber, you must grant your consent to allow us to share information about the content you have viewed to third parties in order to provide you with the service, for our and others' marketing purposes and to help you inform others about your experiences on social media services such as Facebook and Twitter. If you no longer wish us to share information about what you have watched on our service, you can cancel your subscription at any time. A list of those Paid Video Subscription Services, together with information on how to contact customer service about your account, will appear here. Current Paid Video Subscription Services are: Cosmobody - service@cosmobody.com  
0 	5. Right to Opt-out   a. California Canadian Users: Your California Privacy Rights. California's "Shine the Light" law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. Alternatively, such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information sharing. We have such a policy in place. Sections 4(d)and 5(d) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared with third parties for the third parties' direct or indirect marketing purposes, in accordance with such laws. In addition to reviewing Sections 4(d) and5(d), if you wish to find out about any rights you may have under California Civil Code section 1798.83, you may notify us in writing at Mail Preference Service,P.O. Box 6000, Harlan, Iowa 51593 or contacting us at customercare@hearstmags.com. In the case of marketing via Paid Video SubscriptionServices, please refer to the customer service contact set forth at section4(e) above. Canadian residents also have certain rights to know how their information may be shared with third parties who engage in direct marketing activities. Again, Sections 4(d)and 5(d) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared for such purposes, in accordance with such laws. For the avoidance of doubt, these opt-out options are available for all users and are not limited to Californian and Canadian users.  
0 	b. Mobile Opt-out. We may provide you messages, including marketing, via your wireless email address orby short message service ("SMS Service"),WAP or Mobile Services as described in Section 6. You may opt-out of these messages from us by replying "STOP" or following the instructions provided in the message.  
0 	c. Marketing provided by Hearst. From time to time we may send you promotional materials on behalf of Hearst and/or third parties. If you want us to stop sending you promotional materials to your email, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions in the email or manage your preferences at https://preferences.hearstmags.com/Hearst/Login.aspx. If you want us to stop sending you promotional materials to your postal mailing address, you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to Mail PreferenceService, P.O. Box 6000, Harlan, Iowa 51593 or contacting us at customercare@hearstmags.com. Certain Covered Sites may include a customer service link at the bottom of such site. If so, you may also manage your email preferences through that link.  
0 	d. Marketing provided by Third Parties. From time to time we may disclose your contact information to third parties to allow them to market their products or services to you or for other marketing purposes. This may be information we received from you offline and online. If you want us to stop further sharing your email contact information with third parties (if we have your email contact information), you may notify us at https://preferences.hearstmags.com/Hearst/Login.aspx.If you want us to stop further sharing your postal mailing contact information with third parties (if we have your postal address), you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to Mail Preference Service, P.O. Box 6000, Harlan,Iowa 51593 or contacting us at customercare@hearstmags.com. If you wish to opt out of having your information shared with marketing services companies, please see section 4(d) above. In the case of marketing via Paid Video Subscription Services, please refer to the customer service contact set forth at section 4(e) above. Please follow the instructions provided to you by third parties to unsubscribe from their messages.  
0 	e. Exceptions. If you have opted-out as described above, and thereafter you elect to use a service or promotion that requires us to contact you or share your information with a third party (e.g.,you enter into a contest or sweepstakes or use an ecommerce service after opting-out), then your previous opt-out preferences will not apply to such service. Despite your indicated preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices about your subscription, and we may continue disclosing your information to third parties under the Service Provider Exception, Legal Exceptions, and Acquisition Exception described above.  
0 	f. Device Settings. Our digital applications may provide you alerts and you can change your preferences regarding these alerts through your device settings.  
0 	6. Wireless Email Address, Short MessageServices and WAP. If the email address you provide to us isa wireless email address, you agree to receive messages at such address from Hearst or from third parties. Similarly,we may make available services through which you can receive messages on your phone or wireless device SMS Service or WAP Services. We may also make available content and versions of our Covered Sites available via WAP and Mobile Services. If you subscribe to one of our SMS, WAP or Mobile Services, you thereby agree to receive services and messages at the address you provide for such purposes. Such messages may come from Hearst, or from third parties. To use the wireless email address, SMS, WAP, or Mobile Service, you must reside in theUnited States. We may also obtain the date, time and content of your messages. We will use the information we obtain in connection with these services in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage, and their practices are governed by their own policies. By providing us your wireless email address or by signing up for any SMS, WAP, or Mobile Service, you consent to receiving messages as described above. You understand that your wireless carrier's standard rates apply to these messages. You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received, and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges.  
0 	7. Security of Your Personally Identifiable Information. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your PersonallyIdentifiable Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We also require you to enter a password to access your registration information. Please do not disclose your registration password to unauthorized people. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while Hearst uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personally Identifiable Information, Hearst cannot guarantee its absolute security.  
0 	8. Kids And Parents. The CoveredSites are not intended for use by children, especially those under age 13. If your children disclose information about themselves in our public discussion areas, they may get unsolicited messages from other parties. Accordingly, you should tell them not to do so. There are also commercially available tools to help you limits your children's exposure to material online. Minors' Right to Request Deletion of User-Posted Comments: If you are a California resident and registered user on Seventeen.com and posted comments on that site when you were under 18 years old, you may request deletion of those comments by contacting us at webfeedback@seventeen.com. and indicate in the subject line "California take-down request". You must provide us with the live url where the content resides, a copy of the content (cut and pasted into your email), the date of publication and, if applicable, the user name associated with it. We will act as promptly as possible to remove the posting(except in certain circumstances mandated by law). Note that our deletion does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of your content from the internet and comments that may have been posted by others about you or your posting will remain accessible online.  
0 	9. Non-U.S. Users. If you are located outside of the United States, please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to and processed in the United States, where laws regarding processing of Personally Identifiable Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country. By using this Covered Site, you consent to this transfer and processing. You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with this Covered Site in the federal and state courts of, and in accordance with the laws of, the state of New York.  
0 	10. Changes to This privacy policy. This privacy policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any material changes in the way we use your PersonallyIdentifiable Information, we will prominently post notice of the changes on ourCovered Sites. Any changes to this privacy policy will be effective upon thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Covered Sites. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Covered Sites. Continued use of our Covered Sites, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
0 	 Welcome to the Google Privacy Policy    When you use Google services, you trust us with your information. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, and what we do with it. This is important; we hope you will take time to read it carefully. And remember, you can find controls to manage your information and protect your privacy and security at My Account.  
0 	Privacy Policy   Last modified: June 30, 2015 ( view archived versions)  
1 	There are many different ways you can use our services - to search for and share information, to communicate with other people or to create new content. When you share information with us, for example by creating a Google Account, we can make those services even better - to show you more relevant search results and ads, to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier. As you use our services, we want you to be clear how we're using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy.  
0 	Our Privacy Policy explains:     What information we collect and why we collect it.     How we use that information.     The choices we offer, including how to access and update information.  
0 	We've tried to keep it as simple as possible, but if you're not familiar with terms like cookies, IP addresses, pixel tags and browsers, then read about these key terms first. Your privacy matters to Google so whether you are new to Google or a long-time user, please do take the time to get to know our practices - and if you have any questions contact us.  
1 	 Information we collect    We collect information to provide better services to all of our users - from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you'll find most useful, the people who matter most to you online, or which YouTube videos you might like.  
1 	We collect information in the following ways:   Information you give us. For example, many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account. When you do, we'll ask for personal information, like your name, email address, telephone number or credit card to store with your account. If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer, we might also ask you to create a publicly visible Google Profile, which may include your name and photo.  
1 	Information we get from your use of our services. We collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, like when you watch a video on YouTube, visit a website that uses our advertising services, or view and interact with our ads and content. This information includes:  
1 	Device information   We collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number). Google may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Google Account.  
1 	Log information   When you use our services or view content provided by Google, we automatically collect and store certain information in server logs. This includes:     details of how you used our service, such as your search queries.     telephony log information like your phone number, calling-party number, forwarding numbers, time and date of calls, duration of calls, SMS routing information and types of calls.     Internet protocol address.     device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.     cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your Google Account.  
1 	Location information   When you use Google services, we may collect and process information about your actual location. We use various technologies to determine location, including IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide Google with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.  
1 	Unique application numbers   Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to Google when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.  
1 	Local storage   We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.  
1 	Cookies and similar technologies   We and our partners use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Google service, and this may include using cookies or similar technologies to identify your browser or device. We also use these technologies to collect and store information when you interact with services we offer to our partners, such as advertising services or Google features that may appear on other sites. Our Google Analytics product helps businesses and site owners analyze the traffic to their websites and apps. When used in conjunction with our advertising services, such as those using the DoubleClick cookie, Google Analytics information is linked, by the Google Analytics customer or by Google, using Google technology, with information about visits to multiple sites.  
0 	Information we collect when you are signed in to Google may be associated with your Google Account. When information is associated with your Google Account, we treat it as personal information. For more information about how you can access, manage or delete information that is associated with your Google Account, visit the Transparency and choice section of this policy.  
1 	 How we use information we collect    We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones, and to protect Google and our users. We also use this information to offer you tailored content - like giving you more relevant search results and ads.  
1 	We may use the name you provide for your Google Profile across all of the services we offer that require a Google Account. In addition, we may replace past names associated with your Google Account so that you are represented consistently across all our services. If other users already have your email, or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Profile information, such as your name and photo.  
0 	If you have a Google Account, we may display your Profile name, Profile photo, and actions you take on Google or on third-party applications connected to your Google Account (such as +1's, reviews you write and comments you post) in our services, including displaying in ads and other commercial contexts. We will respect the choices you make to limit sharing or visibility settings in your Google Account.  
1 	When you contact Google, we keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.  
1 	We use information collected from cookies and other technologies, like pixel tags, to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services. One of the products we use to do this on our own services is Google Analytics. For example, by saving your language preferences, we'll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer. When showing you tailored ads, we will not associate an identifier from cookies or similar technologies with sensitive categories, such as those based on race, religion, sexual orientation or health.  
1 	Our automated systems analyze your content (including emails) to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising, and spam and malware detection.  
0 	We may combine personal information from one service with information, including personal information, from other Google services - for example to make it easier to share things with people you know. We will not combine DoubleClick cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent.  
0 	We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.  
0 	Google processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world. We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live.  
0 	 Transparency and choice    People have different privacy concerns. Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect, so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used. For example, you can:     Visit your Google Account History for settings that allow you to control the collection of personal information from Google services, such as Search, YouTube and Location History.     Review and control certain types of information tied to your Google Account by using Google Dashboard.     View and edit your preferences about the Google ads shown to you on Google and across the web, such as which categories might interest you, using Ads Settings. You can also opt out of certain Google advertising services here.     Adjust how the Profile associated with your Google Account appears to others.     Control who you share information with through your Google Account.     Take information associated with your Google Account out of many of our services.     Choose whether your Profile name and Profile photo appear in shared endorsements that appear in ads.  
0 	You may also set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us. However, it's important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. For example, we may not remember your language preferences.  
0 	 Information you share    Many of our services let you share information with others. Remember that when you share information publicly, it may be indexable by search engines, including Google. Our services provide you with different options on sharing and removing your content.  
0 	 Accessing and updating your personal information    Whenever you use our services, we aim to provide you with access to your personal information. If that information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it - unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.  
0 	We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), risk the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems).  
0 	Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort. We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems.  
0 	 Information we share    We do not share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of Google unless one of the following circumstances applies:  
0 	With your consent   We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Google when we have your consent to do so. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.  
0 	With domain administrators   If your Google Account is managed for you by a domain administrator (for example, for Google Apps users) then your domain administrator and resellers who provide user support to your organization will have access to your Google Account information (including your email and other data). Your domain administrator may be able to:     view statistics regarding your account, like statistics regarding applications you install.     change your account password.     suspend or terminate your account access.     access or retain information stored as part of your account.     receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.     restrict your ability to delete or edit information or privacy settings.   Please refer to your domain administrator's privacy policy for more information.  
0 	For external processing   We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.  
0 	For legal reasons   We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:     meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.     enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.     detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.     protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.  
0 	We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners - like publishers, advertisers or connected sites. For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.  
0 	If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.  
0 	 Information security    We work hard to protect Google and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. In particular:     We encrypt many of our services using SSL.     We offer you two step verification when you access your Google Account, and a Safe Browsing feature in Google Chrome.     We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems.     We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.  
0 	 When this Privacy Policy applies    Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google Inc. and its affiliates, including YouTube, and services offered on other sites (such as our advertising services), but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.  
0 	Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results, sites that may include Google services, or other sites linked from our services. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services, and who may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads.  
0 	 Compliance and cooperation with regulatory authorities    We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks. When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.  
0 	 Changes    Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.  
0 	 Specific product practices    The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Google products and services that you may use:     Chrome and Chrome OS     Books     Payments     Fiber  
0 	For more information about some of our most popular services, you can visit the Google Product Privacy Guide.  
0 	 Other useful privacy and security related materials    Further useful privacy and security related materials can be found through Google's policies and principles pages, including:     Information about our technologies and principles, which includes, among other things, more information on     how Google uses cookies.     technologies we use for advertising.     how we recognize patterns like faces.     A page that explains what data is shared with Google when you visit websites that use our advertising, analytics and social products.     Google's safety center, which provides information on how to stay safe and secure online.  
0 	PRIVACY POLICY   Liquor.com Holdings, Inc. ("Liquor.com") takes very seriously the private nature of your personal information. It is the goal of Liquor.com to bring you information that is relevant and targeted to your individual needs and, at the same time, protect your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes how we treat the information we collect when you visit our Web site and/or register for our email publication. Please read this notice carefully.  
1 	PERSONAL INFORMATION   In order to distribute our email publication, we need your e-mail address. So that we may provide you with additional services as well as more interesting and relevant content, we may request additional information, including your name, zip code and telephone number. Liquor.com does not collect any other personal information that you do not expressly provide. LIQUOR.COM WILL NOT DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO ANY THIRD PARTY WITHOUT YOUR CONSENT, EXCEPT TO A THIRD PARTY AS REQUIRED TO HELP US DISTRIBUTE OUR EMAIL PUBLICATION.  
1 	NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION   We may also request non-personally identifiable information, for example, annual income, buying preferences, and age. This information, also known as demographic and profile data, is optional. We may use this data to improve our site and/or personalize your experience at our site, in order to bring you more targeted and relevant content and to display such content according to your preferences. We may share this information with others, such as advertisers interested on advertising on the Liquor.com site but never on an individual level. This information will only be shared in an aggregate, anonymous form, which means that the information will not contain any personally identifiable information about you or any other person. However, we reserve the right to use aggregated, anonymous data about our users as a group for any business purpose, such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers and partners.  
1 	USAGE INFORMATION   In addition to collecting personal and non-personal information, Liquor.com may also collect non-personal, aggregated information about subscribers' use of our emails and our site. This information is not personally identifiable and will only be used to find out how subscribers use our service and site. For example, this information will tell us how much time users spend on our site, from which other sites subscribers came, and to what other sites subscribers go. The collection of this information allows us to, among other things, prepare for traffic load demands and to efficiently distribute our email publication.  
0 	REVIEW AND ACCESS   You will have the ability to access the information that we have collected about you. You will have an opportunity to correct, update or modify this information.  
0 	CHOICE/OPT-OUT   If we ever send you information by e-mail concerning new products or services that you did not expressly request, we will provide you with an e-mail address by which you may request no future notices.  
0 	THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING   Some of the ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to you by our web advertising partners. Information about your visit to their site, such as number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address or other personal information), is used to serve ads to you.  
1 	TRACKING & THIRD PARTY COOKIES   You may have read about "cookies" or bits of information that are placed by a Website in a storage place on your own computer. As with most other Web sites, the Liquor.com does use cookies but only to allow us to quickly check your status as a subscriber and facilitate access to your preferences. Some of our advertisers may serve you cookies as well. Unfortunately, we do not have control over cookies placed by advertisers. If you don't want cookies, your Web browser likely includes an option that allows you to not accept them.  
1 	IP ADDRESS   Your Internet Protocol ("IP") address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider, your company or your university. We may, from time to time, use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, gather broad demographic information and administer our Website.  
0 	PARENTAL DISCRETION   Liquor.com is not intended for use by children, especially those under age 13. No one under age 13 is allowed to use the site, provide any personal information or receive our email distributions. Minors between the ages of 13 and 17 must get the permission of their parent(s)or legal guardian(s) before viewing the website. No one under the age of 21 is allowed to receive our emails.  
0 	LINKS TO OTHER SITES   As part of the service, Liquor.com may create links allowing you to access third party sites. Liquor.com is not responsible for the content that appears on those sites and does not endorse these sites. Please consult those sites' individual privacy policies in order to determine how they treat user information.  
0 	SECURITY   All information described above is stored on restricted database servers.  
0 	MODIFICATION TO THIS POLICY   Liquor.com reserves the right to change this policy from time to time, however, all changes will be posted to this Privacy Policy at the time such changes are made. The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page so please check back.   Please note that continued access of Liquor.com will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to the Privacy Policy.   Thank you for taking the time and interest to review our policies at Liquor.com. If you have concerns or questions about any aspect of the Liquor.com Privacy Policy, please contact us. We welcome your questions and feedback.   Please send all emails to: info@liquor.com.   Thank you,   Liquor.com
0 	 PRIVACY STATEMENT    Effective June 4, 2014   Please read this privacy statement carefully, because by using our website, you accept and agree to the terms stated below. We may change the terms of this privacy statement at any time, and your continued use of this site is your agreement to any change in terms.  
0 	 COLLECTION & USE OF INFORMATION.    We collect information through our website in a couple different ways.  
1 	Information You Submit. You give us personal information when you join one of our loyalty clubs, enter one of our surveys, contests or sweepstakes, if you submit a question, comment or complaint, if you request or submit information about becoming a franchisee, if you submit an employment application, or for an online cake order. "Personal information" means any information about an identifiable individual, such as name, address, phone number, email, birth date, gender or zip code/postal code. Except with your consent or as required or permitted by law, we will use the information you submit for the purposes for which it is submitted or as otherwise described in this privacy statement. If you join one of our loyalty clubs, you may receive newsletters, email or special offers, which you may unsubscribe from at any time using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email.  
0 	Most of our locations are independently owned and operated franchises, and we do not own or operate these locations. Comments, questions or complaints submitted to us about a specific location will be forwarded to the franchised location, along with any contact information you provide with your comment. If you have comments regarding a specific location, we recommend you contact that location directly so that they may personally and immediately assist you. We do not guarantee the privacy practices of any specific franchised location.  
1 	Information Collected By Automated Means. We collect and use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. In some circumstances, an IP address may be considered personal information. We also collect information through the use of cookies. Cookies are pieces of data your web browser stores on your hard drive that we use to improve your user experience on our website. We and our third party vendors may also use cookies to provide you with our advertising messages on other websites you visit; these third party vendors may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites based on these cookies. These activities provide us with important marketing information and lets us know how we are doing at attracting new visitors and maintaining relationships with our existing visitors. If you wish, you can set your browser to refuse cookies or delete any existing cookies from your computer, but this may negatively impact your experience on our website. Our third party vendors may collect additional information by automated means when you visit our website, such as browser type or operating system.  
0 	 SHARING INFORMATION    We may share personal information within the DQ/Orange Julius family of companies, which includes American Dairy Queen Corporation, Orange Julius of America, Dairy Queen Canada Inc., Orange Julius Canada Limited and their affiliates. Information shared within the DQ/Orange Julius family will comply with this privacy statement.  
0 	Cakes ordered through our dqcakes.com website are prepared at a DQ location, which are independently owned and operated franchises. We will share your cake order information, which may include the contact information you provide, to a franchised location for purposes of tracking, responding to, and fulfilling your order.  
0 	We may share your personal information with third parties:     To provide services to you, such as purchasing and shipping goods, or credit card processing;  
0 	  In connection with services provided to us, such as hosting, data management and storage, marketing or remarketing, website or marketing analytics, email services for our loyalty clubs, services to assist us with responding to you if you send us a comment, question, or complaint, for contest or sweepstakes administration and fulfillment, for employment application processing, and other similar services. We and our third party service providers may use servers in the U.S. or another country. Your personal information may be processed and stored in the U.S. or another country, and the government, courts, law enforcement or regulatory agencies of that country may by law be able to obtain your personal information;  
0 	  For purposes of improving your user experience across our different websites and platforms (such as our mobile app);  
0 	  We use Zipscene LLC to help us operate our mobile app and administer various activities. To learn more about how Zipscene LLC uses information you provide to us, please visit zipscene.com/privacy;  
0 	  For purposes of a merger, sale or other corporate reorganization (including professional advisors involved in completing such a transaction). You agree that any of our successors may use and disclose the information for the same purposes as described in this statement; or  
0 	As required by law, or as needed to cooperate in or defend against any law enforcement investigation or legal proceeding.  
0 	We may share aggregated demographic information (data that cannot identify an individual person) with our third party vendors and advertisers.  
1 	If you participate in a contest or sweepstakes, we may publish information about you such as your name, city of residence or prize winnings.  
0 	 California Do Not Track Disclosures    California's Business and Professions Code section 22575 requires us to disclose how we respond to "do not track" signals. We currently take no action to respond to "do not track" signals.  
0 	 LINKS    This website may contain links to third party websites that we do not own, including links on our website to purchase DQ or Orange Julius gift cards or merchandise. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites, and we encourage you to read the privacy statements of every website that collects personal information from you. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.  
0 	 FRANCHISEE WEBSITES    Many DQ and Orange Julius locations are independently owned and operated businesses and may have their own websites. This privacy statement does not apply to sites run by independently owned and operated locations.  
0 	 CHILDREN'S PRIVACY    We may have separate websites directed toward children. Our privacy practices regarding children will be posted on those websites.  
0 	 MOBILE APP    If you download the official DQ mobile app, our privacy policy regarding use of the app is available within the app. There may be other DQ or Orange Julius branded apps run by our franchisees, and our privacy policies do not apply to those apps.  
0 	 SECURITY    We take security measures to protect personal information that we maintain against theft, unauthorized access, or alteration.  
0 	 FEEDBACK    If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy statement, our privacy practices, or your personal information that is under our control, please contact us at: Attn: Privacy Compliance Officer International Dairy Queen, Inc. 7505 Metro Blvd Minneapolis, MN 55439 Email: privacy@idq.com
0 	 Privacy Policy    Last updated: December 31, 2014   GameStop knows that you care about your privacy and the use of your personal information. This notice describes our Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect about you from any source - through our Websites, in our retail stores, through our Power-Up Rewards Program, in any contest or promotion, or any other way.  
0 	By visiting a GameStop Website or retail store, participating in our PowerUp Rewards Program, or otherwise providing information to GameStop you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.  
0 	In this Privacy Policy, "GameStop" means GameStop, Inc., its Websites and its retail stores located in the United States, Guam, and Puerto Rico. "Website(s)" means GameStop operated websites and mobile applications, including GameStop.com and PowerUpRewards.com. Our Websites may contain links to other websites. GameStop is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to other GameStop brands such as BuyMyTronics, Game Informer, Kongregate, or PC Downloads, each of which has its own privacy policy. The word "computer" means any device used to connect to a Website, including, but not limited to, mobile devices.  
1 	 We Gather the Following Personal Information About Customers:    Information That You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Websites or that you give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but this will limit your ability to purchase products offered on the Websites, or to take advantage of some features or promotions.  
1 	When you place an order with us online, in a store or in any other way, your contact information is used to communicate related information, such as order and shipment confirmation, release date changes and requests for more information to facilitate processing your order. You may opt-out of these communications by canceling your order.  
1 	We use customer contact information to customize future shopping for you, to improve our Websites and stores, to send you information about our company, and to inform you of sales and special offers. If, after receiving a non-order related email, you do not want to receive such emails in the future, you can notify us by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link attached to each email.  
1 	We obtain information about you when you search, buy, participate in a contest or questionnaire, communicate with customer service, or otherwise contact us or post information on our Websites. For example, you provide information when you search for a product; place an order through a Website or provide information to update or create your account with us (you may have more than one account if you have used more than one email address when shopping with us); communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form; create any wish or gift list; participate in any forums or discussion areas or product reviews; or create any alerts or other email notification services we may offer now or in the future. The information collected typically includes your name, address, and phone numbers; credit card information; people to whom purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone number; content of reviews you may provide; emails to us; and any other personal information that you provide to us or post on the Websites.  
1 	We occasionally run our own email surveys and we ask visitors for contact, demographic and technical information. We use contact data from our surveys to send users information about our company. This information is also used to contact visitors to learn more about specific problems they might have reported or to give them rewards, if such a reward program is part of the survey. The demographic information is used to learn more about the types of people who visit our site.  
1 	We run contests in which we ask visitors for contact information (such as their email address). We use this information to contact the winners. We may also use or share contest information with our business and marketing partners to offer you products or services that we believe may be of interest to you.  
0 	We allow customers to post reviews and allow visitors to communicate information on products. When posting a review, you can optionally display your name, an alias, or remain anonymous. However, if you disclose personally identifiable information in your review, that information is public information and may increase your chance of receiving unsolicited email. You should use discretion when disclosing information online.  
1 	Automatic Collection of Information: If you purchase any products online, or have any other interaction with our Websites, we will receive and store information that you provide or that is generated by your actions. We may also send you personalized emails. These communications may contain links to our Websites that could include unique identifiers capable of correlating any resulting web activity to the originating email communication. Like many websites, we may use tracking pixels/web beacons, "cookies", or other technologies to receive and store certain information, and this information may also be used by certain third-party advertisers with which we have agreements. Our relationship with third-party advertisers is discussed in more detail under the heading "Third-Party Advertising" below. For example, cookies are placed on your computer (explained in more detail below) to remember your name and the contents of your shopping cart. This allows you to leave our site, come back later, and still have the contents of your shopping cart intact. It also lets us personalize your experience at our Websites, tailoring the content to your interests. A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously, but if you use these utilities, it may limit your ability to use personalized features that we offer.  
1 	The information we receive or can determine from your interaction with our Websites includes your Internet (IP) address; login and password information; email address; web browser type and version; operating system and computer platform; purchase history, which we may aggregate with similar information from other customers; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Websites, including date and time; one or more unique identifiers; products you viewed or searched for; areas of our Websites you visited; and the phone number you used to call our toll-free number. We also may log the length of time of your visit and the number of times you visit and purchase from us. We assign you one or more unique identifiers to help keep track of your future visits  
1 	Email Communications: We provide email links on our "Customer Services" page that allow you to contact us directly with any questions or comments you may have. We may receive a confirmation when you open any email that we send to you, if your computer supports such capabilities. If you send us any email, we will retain such email and your email address for response. We also may compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary or duplicate messages to you.  
1 	Information from Other Sources: If we receive any information about you from other sources, we may add it to our account information. For example, if we receive a list of subscribers to a gaming publication, and we note that you are a subscriber, we may include that information in the account information that we store about you. Other examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records; account information, purchase or redemption information, and page-view information from business partners who operate their own websites or for which we provide any services; search term and search result information from searches conducted through the website; and credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect fraud.  
1 	 An Explanation of "Cookies"    Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are placed by us on your computer's storage system through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser when you make future visits to our Websites, and to store certain information (such as items placed in your shopping cart) between visits.  
0 	You can stop your computer from storing cookies if you want to. Most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. You should look in the "help" area shown on your browser's toolbar. Because cookies allow you to have the benefit of our personalized features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. You MUST have cookies enabled in order to checkout on our Websites.  
1 	We or our partners may also use Flash Cookies (also known as Local Stored Objects) or other similar technologies. A Flash Cookie is a small data file placed on a computer using Adobe Flash or similar technology that may be built into your computer or downloaded or installed by you to your computer. We use these technologies to personalize and enhance your online experience, facilitate processes, personalize and store your settings. Flash cookies may help our Website visitors to, for example, set volume preference associated with a video experience, play games and perform surveys. They help us improve our sites by measuring which areas are of greatest interest to customers. They may be recognized by other sites or by our marketing or business partners. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies and the cookie management tools provided by your browser may not remove Flash cookies. Click here to learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies. If you disable Flash cookies or other similar technologies, please be aware that you may not have access to certain features and services that make your online experience more efficient and enjoyable.  
0 	 Sharing of Information    Tournaments: If you register for tournaments through GameStop, we may share your registration data with the tournament host and they may use it for internal tracking and analytics. For instance, if you give us your Xbox Live Gamertag for a Microsoft tournament, Microsoft will use that information for internal research.  
0 	Sharing with Third Parties. We may share customer information that we collect with third parties. Usually, this information will be shared with a third party that has relationship with us as a business partner or marketing partner (see information on Third-Party Relationships below). Also, we may use the information that you provide us, or that we collect about you, in connection with the promotion of our products and services and those of our affiliates.  
0 	Sharing with our Contractors. We also may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include order fulfillment, package delivery, postal mail and email communications, customer lists management, data analysis, marketing services and assistance which may include content and ads presented on other websites or mobile applications, credit card processing, and customer relationship management. These companies and individuals have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but they are not permitted to use such information for other purposes without our permission. A more detailed discussion of our relationship with certain third-party advertisers is set forth below under the heading "Third-Party Advertising".  
0 	Promotional Offers May be Sent to You. We may call you with or send you offers on behalf of our company or other businesses, or permit other businesses that we are working with to call you with or send you offers, if we believe that you may be interested in receiving these offers. If, after receiving a non-order related email, you do not want to receive such emails in the future, you can notify us, by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link attached to each email. If after receiving a phone call, you wish to no longer receive phone calls from us, you can inform the caller or follow the prompt instructions.  
0 	Sale or Acquisition of Business Units. As we continue to develop our business, we may buy or sell business divisions or companies, we may merge or combine with another company, or our company itself, or all or a significant part of its assets, may be acquired by another company. We may provide any information we have to a potential counter-party in any such potential transaction. If such a transaction is completed, customer information generally is one of the transferred and shared business assets. The information transferred and shared remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing privacy notice (unless, of course, the customer has agreed to be subject to new privacy notice terms).  
0 	Legal Requirements and Protection of our Websites and Others. We may decide to release your account and other personal information if we believe release is appropriate or necessary to comply with the law, to enforce or apply our website terms of use and other agreements, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our Websites, our users, or others. This information may be released or exchanged with other companies and organizations to protect against fraud, or for credit risk reduction. We will cooperate with law enforcement and judicial authorities, and we may provide personally identifiable information to appropriate government authorities upon receipt of a subpoena or court order, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation. We will fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies activities that we in good faith believe to be illegal. We undertake no obligation or duty to release such information, however, unless we are required to do so under applicable law.  
0 	Other Circumstances. If we want to share personal information other than as permitted or described above, we will notify you, and you may choose to instruct us not to share the information.  
0 	 Third-Party Relationships     We have several types of third-party relationships.    We offer an affiliate program through a third-party affiliate manager. This program allows other websites to earn money by directing people (through links) to our Website. If you sign up as an affiliate, your contact information (website address and related information, email address, mailing and payment addresses, and contact information) is sent to the third-party affiliate manager who activates your affiliate status and pays you based on the sales you generate for our Websites. You may apply for this program using an Affiliate Program application. The Affiliate Program area is clearly labeled, and your information is never collected or shared unless you also fill out an Affiliate Program application.  
0 	We work with business partners to provide you access to their products and services. For example, our Website includes a link to www.alienware.com. Any information you supply upon entering the www.alienware.com site is collected by Alienware.  
0 	We link to third-party surveys. When you complete a purchase, you are often invited to participate in a survey to rate your experience. The survey is conducted by a third party (and is identified as such) who shares all of the survey information with us, including your email address if you specify it in the survey. We use this information to gauge which areas of our service need improving.  
0 	If you order from us after visiting Sony's Playstation.com web site we will forward your PlayStation Underground registration number to Sony along with any information regarding the products you have purchased.  
0 	 Third-Party Advertising:    Advertisements that appear on our website are sometimes delivered (or "served") directly to users by third-party advertisers with which we have agreements. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. These third-party advertisers may also download cookies to your computer, or use other technologies such as JavaScript and "web beacons" (also known as "1x1 gifs" or "clear gifs") to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. Doing this allows the advertising network to recognize your computer each time they send you an advertisement in order to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. In this way, they may compile information about where individuals using your computer or browser saw their advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked. Third-Party Advertisers may also serve advertisements to you on other websites, based on their tracking of what content you looked at or interacted with on our Websites. GameStop does not have access to or control of the cookies and other tracking technologies that may be placed by the third-party advertisers. Third-party advertisers have no access to your contact information stored by GameStop unless you choose to share it with them.  
0 	This privacy policy covers the use of cookies by GameStop and does not cover the use of cookies or other tracking technologies by any of its advertisers.  
0 	We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.  
0 	 Security of Information Stored by Us    When you purchase something from our Websites, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts certain purchasing information you input, although no known method of data transfer can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card number when confirming an order, but we have to transmit the entire credit card number to the credit card processor or company during order processing.  
0 	To the extent that you use our Websites, and connect to us through your computer, anyone with access to your computer may be able to access our Websites and conduct transactions in your name. We have no ability to know who has access to your computer, or to your credit card information, or who you have authorized to use such computer or information. Persons with access to your computer may be able to view any private or stored account information or other information that you have given to us. Accordingly, you are responsible for any transactions that are made in your name by someone who has access to your computer or your credit card number. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to any login or password information, and to your computer.  
0 	 You May Access, Change or Modify Your Personal Information    If you have purchased from us or created an account, our site provides you the opportunity to review, correct, or update your account information. You can do this by:   1. Accessing Gamestop.com and clicking on the "My Account" link.   2. Calling the following telephone number: 1-800-883-8895   3. Sending mail to the following postal address: Gamestop.com Customer Service 625 Westport Parkway Grapevine, TX 76051  
0 	 Right to Remove Posted Information - (California Minors)    If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with GameStop or the PowerUp Rewards Program, you have the right to request removal of unwanted information that you publicly post on the GameStop Websites. To request removal of such information, you can contact GameStop at GSContentRequests@gamestop.com. Upon receiving such a request, GameStop will make sure that the information is not publicly available on our Websites, but the information may not be completely or comprehensively removed from GameStop systems.  
0 	 Right to Choose (Opt-Out)    You always may choose not to provide information and most Internet browsers allow you to control the automatic collection of information from your computer. Obviously, if you choose not to provide necessary information, we may not be able to process your orders or inquiries. If we permit you to update any information that we store about you, we may keep a copy of the previous information for our records.  
0 	If, after receiving a non-order related email, you do not want to receive such emails in the future, you can notify us, by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link attached to each email.  
0 	Do Not Track: Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers, allowing users to opt out of tracking by websites and online services. At the present time, the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has not yet established universal standards for recognizable DNT signals, and, therefore, GameStop does not recognize DNT.  
0 	 Children's Privacy    Our Websites, services and applications are designed for and directed at people 13 years of age or older. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13. If GameStop learns that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personally identifiable information online in contravention of these measures, it will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from its databases and to not use such information for any purpose (except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or other as required or allowed by law). If you become aware of any personal information we have collected from children under 13, please contact us at: Gamestop.com Customer Service 625 Westport Parkway Grapevine, TX 76051  
0 	For additional tips on how to help children stay safe on the Internet, we recommend that you visit the following sites:   www.ftc.gov/privacy/privacyinitiatives/childrens.html   www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/tech/tec14.shtm   http://www.onguardonline.gov/features/feature-0002-featured-info-parents  
0 	 Conditions of Website Use, Notices, and Revisions    If you choose to visit our Websites or stores, your visit(s) and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Conditions of Website Use, including limitations on damages, and application of the law of your state. If you have any concerns or questions about this privacy statement, the practices of the Websites, or your dealings with the Websites, you can contact: Gamestop.com Customer Service 625 Westport Parkway Grapevine, TX 76051  
0 	 We May Change These Terms    Whether or not you have viewed our terms and conditions of use of our Websites, or this Privacy Policy, and whether or not you have chosen to not receive notices from us, those terms and notices will still govern your use of Gamestop.com. As is the case with any business, our business changes over time, and our privacy notice and the Terms and Conditions of Use may be updated or changed at any time, as we deem appropriate. We may email reminders of our notices and conditions. You should frequently check our website to see recent changes to these terms and policies. Unless stated otherwise, our current privacy notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
0 	CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Highlights   Trust is a cornerstone of our mission at CBS Interactive. We are committed to gaining and maintaining your trust by following a core set of Privacy Principles.  
0 	Note: The CBS Interactive Privacy Policy has been updated. Please review the updated privacy policy carefully before using the CBS Interactive Services. By using any of the CBS Interactive Services, you consent to the terms of the updated privacy policy. Click here for more information about the updates.  
0 	Scope of Privacy Policy   CBS Interactive owns, operates, or provides access to, several interactive web sites and other interactive features that provide an authorized link to the CBS Interactive Privacy Policy (collectively "CBS Interactive Services"). This Privacy Policy, last modified on May 28, 2015, is guided by a core set of Privacy Principles and applies only to the CBS Interactive Services.  
1 	Information Collected   We collect a variety of information about you, including:     Information you provide directly to a CBS Interactive Services.     Information about your computer and browsing activities on the Services, including through cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies.     Information about you from other sources where permitted by law.  
1 	Use of Information   We use the information we collect to:     Provide the services you request.     Tell you about offers we think you will value.     Customize the content and advertising you see.     Improve your experience on CBS Interactive Services.     As otherwise described to you at the point of collection or with your consent.  
0 	Disclosure of Information   We may share your information:     Where we have obtained your consent, including with video content and social networking services as described in our Video Services Policy.     With our third party service providers.     With business partners who sponsor a sweepstakes, contest, or promotion; or who jointly offer a service or feature with a CBS Interactive Service.     Within the family of CBS Interactive Services and other CBS businesses.     If a CBS Interactive Services is sold to another company.     To protect or defend the rights of CBS Interactive or our users.     When required by law or public authorities.  
0 	Your Choices     If you choose to share contact information with us, you will have the opportunity to update that information.     You can stop the delivery of commercial email messages from a CBS Interactive Services or service by following the instructions in any such email you receive.     You have choices about the collection and use of your information by third parties to display relevant advertisements, as described in our overview of Third Party Online Advertising     You also may choose to opt out of our use of data that we collect about your visits to our business partners' sites to customize advertising that we serve. To opt out, visit the CBS Interactive Business Partner Advertising Opt-Out page.  
0 	Other Information     CBS Interactive is committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any privacy concern.     We have adopted commercially reasonable procedures to help protect your information, but please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100 secure.     For more information about our privacy practices, please review the full CBS Interactive Privacy Policy.  
0 	How to Contact Us   If you have questions regarding the CBS Interactive Privacy Policy, please contact us and we will endeavor to respond to your request within a reasonable period of time. You may also submit questions or comments using the postal address listed below:   CBS Interactive Inc.   235 Second Street   San Francisco, CA 94105   Attn: Legal Department  
0 	For international users, please select this link to find the address of your closest CBS Interactive office. We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any privacy concern.  
0 	Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which a CBS Interactive Services has disclosed certain information during the preceding year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and want such a list, please contact us. For all requests, you must put the statement "Your California Privacy Rights" in the subject field of your request and include the name of the CBS Interactive Services with respect to which you are requesting the information, as well as your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. Please note that we will not accept these requests via the telephone, mail, or by facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.  
0 	Privacy Policy   Effective Date of Privacy Policy: February 9, 2015  
0 	Penguin Random House LLC ("PRH", "we", "us", or "our") respects your concerns about privacy and values the relationship we have with you. This Privacy Policy describes our privacy practices with respect to information collected through our websites, applications, and any other online service that links to this Privacy Policy, including any websites and online services we operate on behalf of our authors (collectively referred to as the "Sites"). By using our Sites, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Sites. We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of our Privacy Policy from time to time without notice. Your continued use of our Sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.  
0 	Please click on one of the links below to jump to the listed section:     What Information We Collect About You     How We Use Your Information     Who We Share Your Information With     Social Media     Children's Privacy Policy     Security of Your Personal Information     Third Party Content and Links To Third Party Websites     Public Areas, Forums, Reviews, and Community Areas     Governing Law     Assignment     Notice to Non-US Users     Changes to This Privacy Policy     How To Opt-Out or Correct Your Information     Your California Privacy Rights     How To Contact Us  
1 	 What Information We Collect About You    We collect two basic types of information from you in conjunction with your use of the Sites: (1) personal information, which is any information that individually identifies you (e.g., your name, email address, telephone number, postal address, credit card information) and (2) non-personal information, which is information that does not personally identify you but may include information about your interests, demographics (e.g., age, gender, 5-digit zip code) and use of the Sites. We collect this information in the following ways:  
1 	 Information You Provide Directly To Us:    We may ask you to provide your personal information, demographic information or information about your preferences or interests when you:     Register for an account on the Sites     Sign up to receive email newsletters from us     Make a purchase on the Sites     Enter a contest or sweepstakes     Participate in surveys or special promotions     Participate on social media accounts involving our authors, books or brands     Participate in communities or forums on the Sites     Submit user generated content on any part of the Sites that permit it     Knowingly volunteer information on any other part of the Sites (e.g., request for customer service, submit a job application)  
1 	 Information Collected Using Technology:    In addition to any information you provide directly to us, we and our third party service providers may use a variety of technologies that automatically collect certain non-personal information when you interact with the Sites or emails sent to you, including the following:  
1 	 Device Information    We may collect certain information about your computer or other device that you use to access the Sites, including IP address, geolocation information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language, and other transactional information.  
1 	 Usage Information    We may log certain information about your use of the Sites (e.g., log files, clickstream data, a reading history of the pages you view, your search terms and search results) and additional "traffic data" (e.g., time of access, date of access, software crash reports, session identification number, access times, referring website addresses).  
1 	 Location Information    Some of our applications may deliver content based on your current location if you choose to enable that feature of the app. If you enable the location-based feature, your current location will be stored locally on your device, which will then be used by the app. If you elect to have a location-based search saved to your history, we will store that information on our servers. If you do not enable the location-based service, or if an app does not have that feature, the app will not transmit to us, and we will not collect or store, location information.  
1 	 Cookies, Flash Cookies and Web Beacons    Like many websites, we use cookies, flash cookies, web beacons or similar technologies. "Cookies" are small text files that are stored on your computer or other device when you visit certain online pages that record your preferences and actions. We use cookies for a variety of purposes, including remembering you and your preferences, tracking your use of our Sites, and facilitating your payment transactions. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but, if you prefer, you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. However, please note that refusing a cookie may limit your access to the Sites.  
0 	A "flash cookie" is a data file placed on your device via the Adobe Flash plug-in, which may be built-in or downloaded by you to your computer or other device. Flash cookies may be used for various purposes, such as enabling a Flash feature and remembering your preferences. If you choose to adjust your Flash privacy settings in your device, some features of the Sites may not function properly. For more information about the privacy choices Adobe offers, visit: http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html.  
1 	A "web beacon" (also known as an "action tag", "tracer tag", or "single-pixel GIF") is an invisible graphic that is programmed only to collect non-personal information about your use of our Sites or emails sent to you. Web beacons may be used for a number of purposes, including counting visitors to the Sites, monitoring how users navigate the Sites, counting how many emails were opened or how many links were viewed, and providing you with content customized to your interests.  
1 	 Targeted Advertising    We may allow third parties to use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to better understand your behavior and browsing activities, so that we can serve you targeted advertising while you are on our Sites and display our ads to you when you visit other third party sites. For example, we work with third party network advertisers who may set these technologies to better provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. We do not control these third party technologies, and they are not subject to this Privacy Policy. We do not authorize these third party network advertisers to use this technology to collect personal information about you and they do not have access to your personal information from us. They may, however, track your Internet usage anonymously (that is, without being able to identify you personally) over time and across other websites in their networks beyond our Sites. To learn more about the use of this information or to opt out of having this information used by our third party network advertisers, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.  
0 	 California Do Not Track Notice    Some browsers offer a "Do Not Track" feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. We do not respond to these "Do Not Track" signals. At this time, we do not track your personal information about your online activities over time and across third party websites. We also do not authorize third parties to collect any personal information from you on the Sites for these purposes.  
1 	 Collection of Information From Other Third Party Sources    We may also collect personal and non-personal information about you from other sources to, among other things, enable us to supplement the information contained in our database and to better customize your experience with PRH.  
1 	 How We Use Your Information    We use the information we learn about you to help us personalize and continually improve your experience with PRH. We may use your personal and non-personal information in the following ways:  
1 	 General Uses      Provide you with the products and services you request     Post your user generated content to our Sites as you request     Communicate with you about your account or transactions with us and send you information about features on our Sites     Communicate with you about changes to our policies     Send you newsletters, offers and promotions for our products and services, third party products and services, or special events by email or another medium     Personalize content and experiences on our Sites and within emails sent to you, including providing you recommendations based on your preferences     Serve you targeted advertising, both on our Sites and elsewhere online, based on information we previously collected from you, including your activity on the Sites or activity on third party sites and applications     Administer our loyalty programs     Administer contests, sweepstakes, promotions, and surveys     Optimize or improve our products, services and operations     Detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal     Perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the Sites and recipients of our emails, including browsing and purchasing patterns  
1 	 Combination of Your Information    When you use more than one of our Sites, we may match information collected from you through each of those Sites and combine that information into a single user record. We may also use and/or combine information we collect off-line or from third party sources to enhance and check the accuracy of your user records.  
0 	 Who We Share Your Information With     Personal Information    Except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy, we do not use or disclose your personal information to any companies not part of the PRH family of companies. Although, as disclosed below, we may provide your personal information to our business partners, in no event will we sell or rent your personal information as part of a customer list or similar transaction without your express permission.  
0 	 Third Party Service Providers    We have third party service providers that perform functions on our behalf, such as hosting, billing, marketing, analytics, customer service, fraud protection, etc. These entities have access to your personal information only as needed to perform their functions and they are obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of that personal information. They are obligated not to use, sell, distribute or alter this information in any way other than to provide the requested services to the Sites.  
0 	 Third Parties With Whom We Do Business    We may share your personal information with certain third parties with whom we do business, such as our authors or promotional co-sponsors, so that they can provide you with special offers, promotional materials, and similar materials that may be of interest to you. Although our treatment of your personal information is governed by this Privacy Policy, the third party's treatment of your personal information will be governed by its privacy policy. You may withdraw your consent to our sharing of your personal information with such third parties at any time by sending us an email at privacy@penguinrandomhouse.com.  
0 	 Authors Whose Websites We Manage    We manage certain author Sites on behalf of our authors. In those cases, we may transfer personal information collected from the Sites to the authors if they take over management of the Sites (in which case, such sites are no longer controlled by us). Under such circumstances we will use reasonable efforts to direct the author to use personal information you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Policy. Nevertheless, we cannot ensure that the author will have the same privacy practices as described in this Privacy Policy and such author site will not be subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.  
0 	 Corporate Parents and Affiliates    We may share your personal information with our corporate parents and other affiliated entities for a variety of purposes, including business, operational and marketing purposes.  
0 	 Other Third Parties When Required By Law or In Emergency Situations    We may also use or disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or the Sites; (b) protect and defend our rights or property, the Sites or our users, and (c) act under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of us, our affiliates, agents, or the users of the Sites or the public.  
0 	 Non-Personal Information    Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to restrict our use of your non-personal information, and we may disclose or share non-personal information in any manner that we deem appropriate or necessary.  
0 	 Social Media    Our Sites may provide you with the ability to register, log into, "like" or otherwise interact with third party social media services, including, but not limited to, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Pinterest, YouTube, and other social media services. These features may enable integration and/or access to your social media accounts. We do not control these social media services or your profiles on these services, and we do not establish privacy settings or rules for how your personal information on these services will be used. If you choose to log on to or submit information through any of these social media services, your personal information will be subject to the applicable social media service's terms and conditions and your current privacy settings on such social media service. By accessing any social media service, you will be assuming the risk that the personal information you provide on that service may be viewed and/or used by third parties for any purpose. You agree that we are not responsible for any acts or omissions by these social media service providers.  
1 	In addition, by choosing to log in to our Sites using your credentials from a social media service, you are asking that service to send us certain information from your account with the service, and you authorize us to collect, store and use such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  
0 	 Children's Privacy Policy    PRH respects the privacy of children and we are committed to complying with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). This Children's Privacy Policy describes our practices with respect to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13. This Site does not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from children under the age of 13 without prior parental consent, except as permitted by COPPA.  
1 	 What Information We Collect and How We Use It    We do not require children to share any personal information in order to participate on this Site. On occasion, however, we may collect personal information, such as an email address from a child as part of an activity, in accordance with COPPA. For example:  
1 	Email address: We may collect a child's email address in order to respond to a one-time request from the child, such as if the child asks us or one of our authors a question. In such case, we promptly delete the child's email address from our system once we have responded, and we do not use the child's email address for any other purpose.  
0 	Send-a-friend: In the case of send-a-friend email or card, we only collect a child's first name and the friend's email address to send the friend the email or card. We do not store the friend's email address for any longer than reasonably necessary to send the email or card to the friend.  
0 	Email newsletters: We may collect a child's email address if the child wishes to sign up for our email newsletters. In such instance, the child will be asked to provide his or her email address and the email address of his or her parent/guardian. We will send the child's parent/guardian a notification email informing them of the child's request to receive the newsletter by email on an ongoing basis and give the parent/guardian the option to have his or her child's information removed from our newsletter database. If the newsletter is declined, we will not send the newsletter and will delete any related personal information collected in the sign-up process from our files. If the newsletter is not declined, we will send the newsletter. All newsletters contain instructions so that the recipient may unsubscribe at any time.  
1 	Contests or Sweepstakes: We may collect a child's email address to enter the child in a sweepstakes or contest or to notify the child that he or she has won or lost a contest or sweepstakes or contest. We will not keep the child's email address after the promotion or use the child's email address for any other purpose other than for the promotion. For certain promotions, we may ask that a child give us his/her parent's email address so we can obtain more personalized information for prize fulfillment purposes if the child wins the promotion or to notify the parent if we need more than the child's email address to enter the child in the promotion. In the latter event, parents will be sent a notice along with instructions on how they may provide their consent for their child to participate in such promotion.  
1 	We may also collect anonymous information automatically from your child's computer or device, such as the frequency with which the child visits our Site and the pages visited, to support the internal operations of the Site. We collect this information so we can understand and monitor usage of the Site, customize content on the Site and improve the performance of the Site. This information is collected using technologies such as cookies, flash cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. This information is not used to behaviorally target children and we do not permit behavioral targeting on any of our Sites that are directed to children.  
0 	 Special Circumstances for Information Sharing and Security    We may share children's personal information with "Third Party Service Providers" and "Other Third Parties When Required by Law" as disclosed above (see " Who We Share Your Information With").  
0 	 Parent's Rights    Under COPPA, you have the right to review and have any of your child's information deleted from our records. You also have the right to tell us to stop collecting or using your child's personal information. If you have questions concerning our information practices with respect to children, or if you would like to review, have deleted, or stop the further collection of your child's personal information in connection with the transaction for which it was originally collected, you may email us at privacy@penguinrandomhouse.com. For tips on protecting your child's privacy online, please see the U.S. Federal Trade Commission's brochure on this topic: www.onguardonline.gov.  
0 	 Security of Your Personal Information    PRH takes reasonable steps to help protect and secure your personal information. However, please remember that no data storage or data transmission over the Internet, or by other means, can be guaranteed to be 100HEADING_START Third Party Content and Links to Third Party Websites  
0 	Our Sites may contain content hosted or served by third parties or link to websites operated by affiliates of PRH or third parties. Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy for PRH do not apply to information gathered by these third parties. We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies employed by any third party, and our hosting of third party content or linking to third party websites does not constitute an endorsement of the content or business practices of those third parties.  
0 	 Public Areas, Forums, Reviews, and Community Areas    Please remember that any information you share in public areas, such as forums, message boards or feedback sections, becomes public and anyone may take and use that information. Please be careful about what you disclose and do not post any personal information that you expect to keep private. Please consult our Terms of Use and the applicable guidelines, if any, for use of our forums and other community areas for more information.  
0 	 Governing Law    These Sites are published in the United States. We attempt to protect the personal information of all users of our Sites and we attempt to comply with local data protection and consumer rights laws to the extent they may apply to PRH's services, but our family of Sites are located and targeted to United States citizens and our policies are directed at compliance with those laws. If you are uncertain whether this Privacy Policy conflicts with the applicable local privacy laws where you are located, you should not submit your personal information to PRH.  
0 	 Assignment    We may change our ownership or corporate organization while providing the Sites. We may also sell certain assets associated with the Sites. As a result, please be aware that in such event we may transfer some or all of your information to a company acquiring all or part of our assets or to another company with which we have merged. Under such circumstances we would, to the extent possible, require the acquiring party to follow the practices described in this Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time. Nevertheless, we cannot ensure that an acquiring company or the merged company will have the same privacy practices or treat your information the same as described in this Privacy Policy.  
0 	 Notice to Non-US Users    If you are located outside the United States of America, you should be aware that your personally identifiable information will be transferred to the United States of America, the laws of which may be deemed by the your country to have inadequate data protection. If you are located in a country outside the United States of America and voluntarily submit personally identifiable information to us on the Sites, you thereby consent to the general use of such information as provided in this Privacy Policy and to the transfer of that information to, and/or storage of that information in, the United States of America.  
0 	 Changes to This Privacy Policy    As our Sites continue to develop, we may add new services and features to them. In the event that these additions affect our Privacy Policy, or if other changes in our privacy practices or applicable laws necessitate changes to the Privacy Policy, this document will be updated accordingly. If we make a material change in the way we use your personal information, we will provide prominent notice of the change on the Sites. We will not, however, materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information we have previously collected from you without your express consent.  
0 	 How To Opt-Out or Correct Your Information    You may always opt-out of receiving future commercial emails and newsletters from PRH. We provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving such communications from us by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link within the email you receive. You may also opt out of receiving further communications from us or correct your information by sending us a message at unsubscribe@penguinrandomhouse.com. Please note that your request not to receive unsolicited commercial emails from us will not apply to messages that you request or that are not commercial in nature. For example, we may contact you concerning any purchases you have made with us, even if you opt out of receiving unsolicited commercial messages.  
0 	 Your California Privacy Rights    California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of PRH who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of their personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@penguinrandomhouse.com.  
0 	Privacy  
0 	Your Privacy   Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.  
0 	Google Adsense and the DoubleClick DART Cookie   Google, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet.  
0 	To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following url http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google's own privacy policies.  
0 	Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, RestaurantNews.com has no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers.  
1 	Collection of Personal Information   When visiting RestaurantNews.com, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.  
0 	Links to third party Websites   We have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.  
0 	Changes to this Privacy Statement   The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion.  
0 	If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of RestaurantNews.com then you may contact us at troy@restaurantnews.com  
0 	Last updated Sat, 31 Jul 2010 06:31
0 	Privacy Policy  
0 	We have updated our Privacy Policy as of June 10, 2011. We encourage you to read the policy below so that you know how we collect and use the information you choose to provide.  
0 	Military.com ("Military") is a property of Monster Worldwide dedicated to serving the military community. Military is committed to protecting the privacy of our users, and strives to provide a safe, secure user experience. This Privacy Policy sets forth the online data collection and usage policies and practices that apply to this web site and to its network of sites, which are included in the link at the bottom of this page under Military.com Network Sites. It does not apply to information we collect in any other fashion.  
0 	The information we gather on the Military sites may be shared within our affiliated companies on a worldwide basis in order to deliver the products and services we offer or in order to undertake analysis of our database. "Affiliated companies" means entities that control, are controlled by or are under common control with Military.  
1 	Military contains links to other web sites over which we have no control. Military is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other web sites to which you choose to link from Military. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those other web sites so you can understand how they collect, use and share your information. We use data about you and your use of our services to display customized advertising, both on our site and on other sites with which we have a business relationship.  
1 	 Information We Collect and Retain    Personal Information is information that can be used to identify you, or any other individual to whom the information may relate, personally. It includes data elements such as name, address, e-mail address, credit card number, and telephone number. We only collect personal information about you when you choose to provide it to us. You do not have to give us any personal information in order to read the content portions of our Site.  
1 	Demographic information is information that is not unique to you in the sense that it refers to selected population characteristics, such as your ZIP code or postal code, age, preferences, gender, race or ethnicity, occupation, career history, interests and favorites.  
1 	Behavioral Information is information regarding how you use our site(s), the areas of our site that you visit, what services you access, and information about your computer hardware and software including your IP address, geolocation, browser and operating system type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is necessary for analyzing the use of resources, troubleshooting problems, preventing fraud, and improving our services. In addition, Military may collect indirect information about you when you use certain third party services on Military. For example if you provide a title of 'Mrs.' we will assume you are female.  
1 	We may personalize the advertising that you are shown on our sites or other sites with which we have a business relationship. In order to provide this personalization, in addition to information we collect about you on our sites, we acquire information (including personal, demographic, behavioral and indirect information) about you from third parties who provide it to us.  
1 	 How Information is Used    We use the information we gather on Military for the purposes of providing our services, responding to any queries you may have, operating and improving Military, fostering a positive user experience, and delivering the products and services that we offer. Our services include the display of personalized products, content, and advertising relating to your career, experience and interests, either on our site or other sites with which we have a business relationship.  
1 	If you have provided consent for us to do so, we may also use the information we gather to inform you of other products or services available from us or our affiliated companies.  
1 	We may use your contact information in order to send you e-mail or other communications regarding updates at Military, to send you free informational newsletters from us relating to topics that may be of special interest to you, to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered, to conduct surveys, questionnaires, promotions and contests, and to provide the results thereof such as success stories and contest winners. The nature and frequency of these messages will vary depending upon the information we have about you. We have areas on Military where you can submit feedback. Any feedback you submit in these areas becomes our property, and we can use such feedback (such as success stories) for marketing purposes or to contact you for further information.  
0 	Some of our products and services, such as our social and professional networking, allow third parties to see your personal information and to contact you. Profile information may be used for networking with other community members.  
1 	If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about Military or refer other information on Military to a friend, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit Military or view the information. We do not store this information.  
0 	 Disclosure of Information to Others    We disclose to third parties your personal information, combined personal, demographic, behavioral or indirect information, as set forth below.  
0 	1. We may share your information with third parties who help us in the delivery of our own products and services to you. We disclose information to companies and individuals we employ to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include hosting our Web servers, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These companies and individuals will have access to your personal information as necessary to perform their functions, but they may not share that information with any other third party.  
0 	2. We disclose information to third parties if you consent to such disclosure. For example, if you indicate that you would like to receive information about the opportunities, products or services of third parties at the time you register for a Military.com account, we supply your contact information to third parties such as marketers or others for the purpose of sending you e-mail or otherwise communicating with you. We use data we have about you (such as the interests and preferences you have expressed) to determine whether you might be interested in the opportunities, products or services of a particular third-party.  
0 	We also share aggregated anonymous information about visitors to the Military site(s) with Military's clients, partners, other visitors, and other third parties so that they can understand the kinds of visitors to the Military site(s) and how those visitors use the site(s) in order to serve advertisements to you on our Sites or other sites with which we have a business relationship.  
1 	Information gathered on a co-branded page may be retained by both Military and the other company. In that instance, the use of such information by the other company will be subject to the privacy policy of that company and Military is not responsible for that company's use of your personal or demographic information.  
0 	3. We disclose information if legally required to do so, or at our discretion pursuant to a request from a governmental entity or if we believe in good faith - after considering your privacy interests and other factors - that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect our rights or property or our affiliated companies; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public. Because Military Advantage is a U.S. company and information collected on our Sites is stored in whole or in part in the United States, your information may become subject to U.S. law.  
0 	4. We may disclose and transfer such information to a third party who acquires any or all of Military's business units, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets. In addition, in the event Military becomes the subject of an insolvency proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, Military or its liquidator, administrator, receiver or administrative receiver may sell, license or otherwise dispose of such information in a transaction approved by the court. You will be notified of the sale of all or a substantial portion of our business to a third party by email or through a prominent notice posted on the Sites.  
0 	5. Military provides member networking among other like-minded professionals with similar backgrounds and/or interests. If you have a profile on a Military site, other users or members of Military site(s) may view your profile. Your personal information, including demographic information, may be made public in your personal profile; however, your contact information is not displayed. Other users or members of Military site(s) will not have access to your contact information unless you choose to share it with them. We are not responsible for the retention, use or privacy of profile information in the instance of other members who have accessed your profile and may have retained information from your profile in their own files or databases.  
0 	 Posting Your Information to Public Areas of Military    Please remember that if you post any of your personal information in public areas of Military, such as in online forums or chat rooms, such information may be collected and used by others over whom Military has no control. We cannot control the use made by third parties of information you post or otherwise make available in public areas of Military.  
0 	 Your Choices About Your Information    We retain all the information we gather about you in an effort to make your repeat use with us more efficient, practical and relevant until you change or remove your personal data as described below. You may have access to, review, correct, update, change or delete your account profile information at any time. Simply log into your account, go to your profile, and make the necessary changes. Click here to access your Military.com account and profile information. Before providing you with a copy of your personal information or correcting, updating or deleting such information, we reserve the right to verify and authenticate your identity and the personal information to which you have requested access. Access to or correction, updating or deletion of your personal information may be denied or limited by Military if it would violate another person's rights and/or as otherwise permitted by applicable law.  
0 	If you wish to delete or close your account or account profile information altogether, please click here for more information on how to contact us. We will retain logs, demographic, indirect, and statistical information about you and keep an archival copy of this information in an anonymized form. If your personal information was previously accessed by others using our Sites, we are not able to delete the information or copies thereof from their systems. If you previously opted to receive newsletters, commercial e-mails or other communications from Military or third parties, but subsequently change your mind, you may opt-out by editing your account profile. If you previously opted not to receive such communications, you may later opt-in by editing your account profile.  
0 	 Important Information     Security    You are responsible for ensuring that your log-in credentials (your username and password) are kept confidential.  
0 	Military has implemented technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. Notwithstanding such measures, the Internet is an open system and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.  
1 	We also use cookies, web beacons, and Java Script to administer our site and deliver a personalized experience. For additional detailed information on each of these, please see below.  
0 	 Children    Military is not intended for, nor do we knowingly collect information from, children under the age of 13.  
0 	Changes to Privacy Policy   If we decide to change the substance of our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose it to anyone.  
1 	 Use of Cookies, Web Beacons, and Java Script     *Cookies:    Military uses "cookies" to help personalize and maximize your online experience and time online. A cookie is a text file that is either stored in your computer's memory temporarily (a "session" cookie) or placed on your hard drive (a "persistent" cookie) by a Web page server. Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to your computer and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.  
1 	When you return to the Military site, cookies enable us to retrieve the information you previously provided, so you can easily use the features that you customized. Because of our use of cookies, we can deliver faster and more accurate results and a more personalized site experience. For example, if you personalize Military pages, or register for services, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information (such as user name, password and preferences).  
1 	We predominately use "session" cookies, which are not permanently stored on your hard drive. Session cookies expire after two hours of inactivity or when you close your browser. We also use cookies to identify users who have been banned from using our forums for behavior that contradicts our terms of use and to track click streams, for load balancing and to enable you to navigate through the site using redirection pages.  
1 	We use "persistent" cookies primarily to ensure that we do not show you pages that you have already seen and to personalize your site experience and save you time. "Persistent" Cookies enable us to recognize whether you have responded to any poll or seen an advertisement or information notice placed on the site so that we do not show you the poll, advertisement or notice again the next time you visit our site. We also allow other companies to display advertisements to you while you are visiting our Sites. Because your web browser must request these advertisements from the other companies' servers, these companies can view, edit or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site. Military has no control over, and is not responsible for, the practices of those third party advertisers. Military encourages you to review the policies of such advertisers. (You will find additional information about the following third party ad servers at www.doubleclick.com and www.atlassolutions.com/privacy. We use other third party ad servers as well; a way to opt out of third party cookies is to modify your browser settings to decline cookies.)  
0 	Military has a relationship with additional third parties in connection with serving customized ads to you, both on our sites and on other sites with which we have a business relationship. Please click here to see a list of the third parties Military works with and to exercise your opt out. Many of these third parties are participating members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI). For those third parties that are NAI members, you can exercise your opt-out on the NAI site.  
1 	We use persistent cookies and related technologies (such as web beacons described below) to determine and track direct and indirect candidate application traffic in response to Job Postings either on Military or on the websites of third parties through the Career-Ad-Network (described below). We also allow persistent third party cookies as part of online advertising campaigns to determine and track site traffic landing from Military's advertising banners that have been placed on the websites of third parties. The data collected via these cookies is anonymous and the information is not linked to your personally identifiable information without your permission. The "persistent" cookies placed by our third party ad servers will remain on your computer after you have left our site for up to 20 years unless you choose to delete them.  
1 	Military participates in Monster's Career-Ad-Network ("CAN"). As part of CAN, we also use "persistent" cookies. The CAN cookie is used to display relevant job ads to you on Military and when you visit other web sites. The information collected by the CAN cookie is treated in accordance with the policies and practices described in our Privacy Statement above. The "persistent" cookie we use in CAN will remain on your computer after you have left our site and will expire six months after it was set.  
0 	You have the ability to update or opt-out of the CAN cookie by clicking on the following link: http://can.monster.com/cookie-technology.aspx. Your opt-out of CAN is enforced by setting a "blocking cookie". In order for the blocking cookie to work on your computer, your browser must be set to accept third party cookies. The blocking cookie for CAN will last for five years; however, if you delete your browser cookies, your opt-out cookie, as well as any updates you may have made, will also be deleted. In addition, your opt-out only applies in the browser you are using at the time you opt-out and only on the computer you are using at such time. If you buy a new computer, change web browsers or delete this cookie, you will need to perform the opt-out task again. Opting-out of the CAN cookie does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising from CAN. It does mean that the ads delivered to you by CAN will no longer be tailored to your Web browsing patterns. Once you opt-out CAN no longer maintains a targeting cookie on your computer, so the ads will be general in nature and could be repetitive.  
0 	You have the ability to accept or decline cookies at any time by modifying your browser settings. If you choose to decline cookies, however, that may hinder performance and negatively impact your experience on the web site.  
1 	Additionally, Military uses "Flash cookies", also known as "Local Shared Objects", to preserve video player settings and for user authentication purposes. You can adjust your settings for your Flash cookies here.  
1 	 *Web Beacons:    Military Web pages and the Web pages of our partners also utilize electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs, clear gifs or action tags) that allow us to collect certain information about users' visits to these Web pages (including the number of users who have visited those pages), measure and improve the effectiveness of advertisements and job postings, and deliver co-branded services. Web beacons are not used to access your personally identifiable information; they are a technique used to compile aggregated statistics about web site usage. Web beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number, time and date of page view and a description of the page on which the Web beacon resides. This information may be shared with third party processors for processing on behalf of Military, as well as with clients, partners, and other third parties so that they can understand the kinds of visitors to the Web pages, how those visitors use those Web Pages, and the effectiveness of their advertisements and job postings. (You will find information about a current third-party processor used by Military at www.atlassolutions.com. We may use other third party processors as well.)  
0 	Because Web beacons are the same as any other content request included in the recipe page, you cannot opt out or refuse them. However, they can be rendered ineffective by either opting out of cookies or changing the cookie setup in your browser.  
0 	 JavaScript:    Military also uses JavaScript, for example, within certain advertisements. JavaScript is a script language that enhances the functionality of websites, particularly in respect to pictures. You may deactivate JavaScript via your browser settings or activate it the same way. If you disable JavaScript you will not be able to use some of the functions of the website.  
0 	 Contact Information    If, at any time, you have questions or concerns about Military's privacy commitment, please feel free to email us at privacystatement@military-inc.com or write to us at:   Military Advantage, Inc.   799 Market Street   Suite 500   San Francisco, CA 94103   Thank you for using Military.com.   Update effective 10 June 2011
0 	Privacy Policy  
1 	TangerOutlets is committed to keeping your personal information confidential. Any and all personal identifiable information collected from our customers is used by Tanger Outlets only, and is not sold, shared or distributed to any third party.  
0 	If at any time you want your email information removed from our database, simply utilize the unsubscribe link provided in your email. Any other data updates or removal requests can be sent to TangerOutlets, Attn: Marketing Department, PO Box 10889, Greensboro, NC 27408.
0 	Privacy Policy - Effective January 14, 2015  
0 	Read our updated privacy policy carefully:     We've summarized our privacy policy terms so you can find what you need quickly.    We've designed one privacy policy to apply across many Meredith brands and online and mobile services.    We've amended our privacy policy to update you about the types of information we collect.    We've added more description about the ways we use and share the information collected from our users, within Meredith brands and with third-party service providers that help us operate our business.    We have updated our description of the various choices you have to limit the use of your information.  
0 	Please read this summary and our updated privacy policy carefully so you understand what types of information Meredith collects about you, how we use and share that information and your related choices.  
0 	 Your California Privacy Rights    (As provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83)   California residents have the right to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed certain types of personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year. At our option, we may respond by providing instructions about how our users can prevent our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. You can read these instructions in the section of our Online Privacy Policy titled "How We Disclose Information and Your Related Opt-out Choices." Or, if you are a California resident and prefer that we send you a separate response, please email your request to privacy@meredith.com  
0 	 Children and Privacy    Meredith cares about protecting the privacy of children. We won't knowingly allow anyone under the age of 13 to provide us any personally identifying information online. Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any personal information about themselves. If you're under 13, please do not register for any of our services or provide us information about yourself.  
1 	 What Information Do We Collect-    Meredith and our service providers collect a variety of information about you including:     Information you choose to provide to us directly when using our Services and information about the computers and devices you use to access our services, including their location.    Information about your browsing activity as you use our Services and interact with our content, email messages and advertising. Some information may be collected automatically through cookies, beacons and other tracking and personalization technologies.    Information about you or your household that we obtain from other sources where permitted by law.  
1 	 How We Use the Information We Collect      We and our service providers use the information about you we collect for a variety purposes including to:    Customize the content and advertising you see and recognize you as a previous visitor.    Provide the services you request and improve these services.    Tell you about offers we think you will value.    Conduct market research and audience analysis    For any other purpose described at the point of collection or with your consent.  
0 	 How Do We Share Information-    We may share anonymous or aggregated information about you in a way that does not identify you personally as we deem appropriate. Except as otherwise noted in our Privacy Policy, we may share your other information in various circumstances, including:     When we have obtained your consent.    With business partners that co-sponsor promotions we offer or provide a tool or feature accessible through our Services.    Within the family of Meredith sites and Services and with other Meredith businesses.    With our service providers, select third-party advertisers and other companies involved in the delivery of the advertising you see online and offline.    To protect or defend the rights of Meredith or our users.    Together with other assets, if a Meredith website or Service is sold to another company.    When required by law or as we deem necessary or appropriate to respond to requests from public authorities.  
0 	 Your Choices      You can update any contact information you provide to us by using the "My Account" feature available on many of our sites or emailing us at privacy@meredith.com.    You can stop the delivery of commercial email messages you receive from any Meredith brand by using the unsubscribe link in any such email you receive.    You can remove your name and postal address from lists we sell or rent to third parties for their direct marketing purposes by using the opt-out form here.    You can opt-out of our use of your online viewing behavior data to serve you interest-based advertising on third-party sites and email newsletters at www.aboutadsinfo/ or by clicking on the Ad Choices link in the footer of our websites and navigating to the consumer opt-out page. Use the same links to opt-out of interest-based advertising on our Services from any third-party advertising networks we may use.  
0 	 Other Information      Meredith is committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any privacy concern.    We have adopted commercially reasonable procedures to help us secure your information but no data transmissions or storage can be guaranteed to be 100 secure.    For more complete information about our privacy practices, please review our full Meredith Privacy Policy.    If you have any questions, please email us at privacy@meredith.com.  
0 	 Meredith Online Privacy Policy    Effective Date: January 14, 2015     Online Privacy Policy    Offline Privacy Policy    Visitor Agreement  
0 	 Online Privacy Policy    Welcome! This Online Privacy Policy applies to your use of websites, interactive services, email programs and mobile device applications provided by Meredith Corporation or our affiliates (collectively, "Meredith," "we" or "us") that include an authorized link or reference to this policy (collectively, the "Services"). This Online Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect through the Services. Please click here to see our separate Offline Privacy Policy.  
0 	By using any of our Services, you agree that this Online Privacy Policy and our Visitor Agreement govern your use of our Services and any dispute concerning the Services. Please take a few minutes to read them before using or registering to access our Services.  
0 	This Policy describes our privacy practices regarding:     Children under 13    Information Collected Through Our Services    Information We May Obtain from Other Sources    How We Use the Information We Collect    How We Disclose Information and Your Related Opt-Out Choices    Sites to Which We Link    How to Correct or Update Your Information    Security, Retention and Storage of Information    Changes to Our Online Privacy Policy  
0 	If you have questions about this Online Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@meredith.com  
0 	 Children Under 13:    Meredith cares about protecting the privacy of children. We won't knowingly allow anyone under the age of 13 to provide us any personally identifying information online. Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any personal information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses, and phone numbers) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else. We encourage you to become involved in your children's online experience, and to share your knowledge and experience with your young ones. If you're under 13, please do not register for any of our Services or provide us with any personally identifying information (such as your name, email address or phone number).  
1 	 Information Collected Through Our Services:    The information we gather through our Services falls into two categories: (1) information you voluntarily supply to us when you register, initiate transactions, participate in promotions or surveys, submit comments or questions or otherwise communicate with us or others through the Services, and (2) information collected automatically as you use our Services. Third-party providers and advertisers featured on, or linked to or from, our Services may also gather information through processes that we don't control and subject to their own separate privacy policies, which may differ from ours. Some of our Services also may participate in third-party advertising networks that collect information about your activity online to tailor some of the advertising that you see on sites in their networks to your interests.  
1 	 Registration and Other Personally Identifying Information.    You may register to use certain features of our Services. When you register, we may collect personally identifying information, including your name, postal address, email address, user name and password, reminder questions and answers and communications preferences, such as which newsletters you would like to receive. We may also ask for information about your age, gender, hobbies, interests, preferences (such as your favorite foods, purchases or recipes) and the like, but you're free to register for most of our Services without providing this additional information. When you register for one of our Services, the information you provide may be added to a centralized Meredith database so that you may be simultaneously registered for our other Services as well. In addition, when you use various aspects of our Services, we may ask you for personally identifying information, including when you order products, complete a survey, enter a contest, or report a problem with our Services. We may also collect contact information for other individuals when you use the sharing and referral tools available within some of our Services to forward content or offers to your friends and associates. We use this information to facilitate the communications that you request. Please note that if you use any "send-to-a-friend" features of our Services, your email address may be included in the communication sent to your friend.  
1 	 Contests and Other Promotions.    From time to time, we may offer contests, sweepstakes or other promotions. Participation in these promotions may require registration for our Services (see "Registration and Other Personally Identifying Information," above). We may also automatically enter our users in some promotions. If you choose to participate in promotions that require registration, we will collect contact information such as your name, address, and email address and we may share this information with co-sponsors or other third parties involved in the promotion that we identify in the rules or entry materials. We don't control these third parties' privacy practices, and our Privacy Policy does not apply to their collection and use of your information. We may also share some of your entry information with third parties or the public in connection with the administration of the promotion, such as winner selection and prize fulfillment, and as permitted by the promotion's official rules, such as on a winners' list.  
1 	 Information Collected Automatically When You Use Our Services.    Meredith or third-party contractors we engage may collect certain information automatically when you use our Services, including but not limited to:  
1 	  Web pages, content and advertisements you view and links you click on while navigating within our Services;  
1 	  Information about your interactions with our video or audio content, such as the type of content accessed via our Services;  
1 	  Information about your interactions with our email messages, such as the links you click on and whether you open or forward a message, the date and time of these interactions and the device you use to read emails;  
1 	  The site you visited before visiting a Meredith website and the site you visited after visiting a Meredith website;  
1 	  Your Internet Protocol (IP) address (a numerical address assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider so that other computers connected to the Internet can communicate with you online) that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area;  
1 	  Search terms you enter using our Services or on a referral site;  
1 	  Unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers, that can identify the physical location of devices in accordance with applicable law;  
1 	  Your device type, screen size, browser type, language, plug-ins, Internet domain, TCP configuration parameters, operating system and versions of installed software;  
1 	  standard server log information; and  
1 	  Information collected through cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies (see additional descriptions of these terms below).  
1 	 Personalization and Tracking Technologies.    Like most website and mobile application operators, we, or third parties acting on our behalf, use embedded scripts, "cookies," web beacons and other tracking technologies to operate, analyze and improve our Services and tailor content and advertising to user interests. Third-party companies that provide some of the tools and features accessible through our Services and advertisers and other companies involved in the delivery of advertisements you see on our Services and other websites also may use tracking technologies to collect information about your use of our Services. Cookies. Cookies are small amounts of data (often containing a unique identifier) that are stored in separate files within your computer or device's Internet browser. Cookies are accessed and recorded by the websites you visit, and by the companies that deliver the advertisements you see on our services, so they can recognize the same browser navigating online. You can set your browser to accept or reject most cookies, or to notify you when a cookie is set. (Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.) It is up to you to decide whether to allow us or third parties to set cookies, but if you block cookies, you may not be able to view or access some of the features of our Services. Please be aware that certain browsers cannot block or delete so-called "Flash" cookies, which use a feature of the Adobe Flash video player to store information on your computer. For information about how to delete Flash cookies, please visit the Adobe website here.  
0 	 Web Beacons and Other Tracking Technologies.    Web beacons (sometimes called "transparent GIFs," "clear GIFs," or "pixel tags") are small strings of code that embed a small graphic image (usually invisible) on a web page or in an email or advertisement. When your browser downloads a web beacon, the server that sends the corresponding image to your browser can recognize and store certain types of information such as cookies previously set, the time and date that you viewed the page embedded with the beacon and a description of that page.  
1 	 Mobile Device IDs and Location-Based Information.    Certain mobile devices, including smart phones and tablet devices, contain unique device IDs that can be used to identify their physical location. Mobile devices also typically transmit caller ID data (which may include a phone number) when used to transmit a telephone call or text message. When you use mobile devices to access our Services, we may collect and transmit unique device IDs and collect caller ID data, information about your wireless carrier, the make, model, operating system and settings of your device and information about how you navigate within our Service. With your consent, we also may use precise geolocation technology such as GPS or Wi-Fi triangulation to collect information about the exact location of your mobile device.  
0 	 Social Network Posting Tools and "Share" Features.    You can access various social network posting and sharing tools through our Services that are operated by third parties, including a "share" button that allows you to post links to content and features that you believe will be of interest to others on your social network pages. When you visit a page that includes one of these sharing tools, the third-party company that operates the tool may be collecting information about your browser, device and online activity through its own tracking technologies and subject to its own separate privacy policy, which may differ from ours.  
0 	 Nielsen Online Campaign Ratings Service.    Some of our advertisers may participate in a program operated by the Nielsen Company to develop an Online Campaign Ratings service that is comparable to Nielsen's television ratings. When one of their ads appears on our Services, it may contain a web beacon that will record your exposure to the ad, read certain cookies on your browser, and forward this information to one or more operators of third-party websites or other online service on which you may have registered. If the third-party operator recognizes a cookie that identifies you as one of its registered users, it will append the impression data it receives, which may identify you as a user our Services, with age and gender information before returning the data to Nielsen. Nielsen aggregates the data it receives about a given campaign to create ratings reports for advertisers and publishers. According to Nielsen, these reports measure campaign performance on an aggregate level within various demographic categories and do not identify you personally. For more information about Nielsen's information collection practices and any related opt-out choices, please see the Nielsen.com privacy policy here.  
1 	 Information We May Obtain From Other Sources:    We may combine any information collected through the Services with other information that we obtain about you, your computer, and/or device from other companies and sources, including third-party data suppliers and public databases. The following are examples of information we may collect from other sources:     Name, postal address, email address and telephone number;    Demographic data, such as age, gender, and income level;    Your interests and purchase behavior;    Publicly-visible data, such as your posts and submissions to blogs, video-sharing services, and other interactive forums; and    Other navigation data, such as web sites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked on.  
1 	 How We Use The Information We Collect:    Our primary goal in collecting information is to provide you with a customized experience when using our Services and to make them more valuable to you. Because our Services are supported by advertising, we also use the information we collect to help us and advertisers efficiently reach consumers who are most likely to be interested in particular products and services. We only use payment and identity verification information as necessary to complete a particular transaction, provide a requested service, enforce legal rights or comply with applicable law.  
1 	In addition, we and our authorized service providers generally use other information that we or they collect about you to:  
1 	  Customize the content you see when you use our Services and other services as you navigate online;  
1 	  Analyze, operate and improve our Services, and fulfill your requests for products, services, and information, including to send you email and electronic newsletters;  
1 	  Help recognize your browser as a previous visitor and save and remember any preferences that may have been set while your browser was visiting one of our Services;  
1 	  Enable you to participate in features such as surveys, polls, sweepstakes, and message boards;  
1 	  Attribute content that you post to forums we operate on our Services;  
1 	  Recognize the same users as they access online or mobile services using multiple browsers or devices and deliver to them appropriate interest-based content and advertising;  
1 	  Provide you with special offers, promotions and information from companies within our corporate family, and select third parties in accordance with applicable law;  
1 	  Control the display of advertising and develop and deliver advertising tailored to your interests, including advertising that you see on our Services, advertising you see on third-party websites and email programs, and offers and advertising you may receive offline;  
1 	  Help us measure and analyze visitor traffic and usage patterns and improve the quality and effectiveness of our content, features, advertisements, and other communications;  
1 	  Conduct market or audience analysis and related reporting;  
1 	  Understand whether our users read email messages and click on links contained within those messages;  
1 	  Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, comply with applicable law and enforce our Visitor Agreement;  
1 	  For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.  
0 	 How We Disclose Information and Your Related Opt-out Choices:    Except as otherwise expressly noted herein or within the Services, we may share any information collected through our Services, including without limitation, your name, postal address (and any other information we combine with that information) with our Meredith-affiliated companies, our provider partners and service providers, and with carefully selected third-party organizations and marketers of products and services potentially of interest to you. The following describes some of the circumstances in which we may share information about our users:  
0 	 Email.    We share our users' email addresses with service providers that send email messages and deliver targeted advertising in our emails on our behalf. These service providers may collect data about how you interact with those messages (including information about whether and when you opened a particular message or clicked on a link within a message and the device you used to do so) and analyze it in conjunction with similar information they collect when you respond to emails they send on behalf of their other clients who are not affiliated with us. They use this email response information in combination with your email address to target and optimize the delivery of emails and email advertising they send on our behalf and for their other clients. We may also provide our service providers with lists of our user email addresses that they use in a hash-encrypted form to recognize our users when they subscribe to third-party email services and send them interest-based advertising on those services. We do not authorize our email service providers to share your email address with their other clients.  
0 	If you use our Services to sign up for special email offers from third-party advertisers, we will also share your email address and any other information you provided with your request with the advertisers you selected. Except as described in this policy, we will not sell or rent your email address to unaffiliated third parties for their email marketing purposes, without your consent.  
0 	 Co-Registration Offers.    If, during or immediately following registration, you choose to access offers for goods or services that are available from selected third-party companies ("Co-Registration Vendors"), we may make certain contact and demographic information you provide (e.g., name, age, and/or email address) available to these vendors with your consent.  
0 	 Provider Partners and Service Providers.    To make your experience with our Services more useful and enjoyable, we may offer some features (such as social sharing tools and chat rooms) in conjunction with third-party providers ("Provider Partners") that specialize in operating such services. We share with each of these Provider Partners such information as is useful or necessary to provide you with the services we offer through that Provider Partner. We also contract with other companies to provide specialized services to us, including but not limited to credit-card and billing processing, shipping, marketing, email and text message distribution, data processing, mobile and website analytics and promotions management. We reserve the right to share with these companies any information we collect about you and/or authorize them to collect information from you directly for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.  
1 	 Aggregated and Anonymous Information.    We and our service providers may combine information about you with information that we or they collect about other users of our Services and share it in a form that does not identify you personally. We and our service providers may also anonymize information by removing any information (such as your name) that makes the information personally identifying to you. We may use aggregated information or other anonymous information and disclose it to third parties as we deem appropriate.  
0 	 Information You Post to Blogs, Discussion Forums and Community or Social Networking Areas.    Keep in mind that any information that you choose to post to blogs, discussion forums, or other community or social networking services that we offer can be seen, collected and used by anyone who has access to the applicable service. We cannot be responsible for any unauthorized third-party use of such information.  
0 	 Legal Compliance, Business Transfers and Other Disclosures.    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated herein or within our Services, we may occasionally release information about users of our Services when we deem such release appropriate to comply with law, respond to compulsory process or law enforcement requests, enforce our Visitor Agreement, or protect the rights, property or safety of users of our Services, the public, Meredith Corporation, our affiliates, or any third party. Over time, we may reorganize or transfer various assets and lines of business. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated herein or on our Services, we reserve the right to disclose or transfer any information we collect to third parties in connection with any proposed or actual purchase, sale, lease, merger, foreclosure, liquidation, amalgamation or any other type of acquisition, disposal, transfer, conveyance or financing of all or any portion of Meredith or our affiliates.  
0 	 Opt-Out Choices.     Postal Lists.    To remove your name and postal address from postal lists that we sell or rent to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, please use the postal list opt-out form available here or send your request to us in a letter addressed to Meredith Corporation, Opt-Out Postal, Attn: Circulation, 1716 Locust Street, Des Moines, Iowa 50309).  
0 	 Email.    You can opt-out from any Meredith email newsletter or commercial email list and prevent the collection of related email response information by our email service providers by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each message and/ or by visiting the Email Preferences page on our sites and updating your preferences. If you no longer want to receive third-party email offers that you requested through our Services, simply follow the advertiser's unsubscribe link or opt-out instructions that should be included in every commercial message you receive.  
0 	 Interest-Based Advertising.    Meredith follows the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral advertising released by the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") in July 2009. To opt-out of our use of your online viewing behavior data to serve interest-based advertising on third-party websites and email newsletters, visit http://www.aboutads.info/. You can also click on the Ad Choices icon located in the footer of our web sites and navigate to the consumer opt-out page. Use the same links to opt-out of the delivery of interest-based advertising on our Services from the operators of the third-party ad networks we use. Note that you must opt-out separately from each computer or device and browser that you use to access our Services and if you clear your cookies, you will need to repeat the opt-out process.  
0 	Most of the third-party advertising and data companies we work with, including DoubleClick and Google also subscribe to the DAA Principles and/or are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). To learn more about the information collection practices of NAI members and your related opt-out choices, please visit the NAI's website here. You can opt out of interest-based advertising from Google by visiting the About Google Ads page or permanently opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by installing the DoubleClick opt out extension. For information about Google Analytics' information practices and related opt-out choices, click here.  
0 	Adobe and Krux are other third parties we engage to track and analyze usage and browsing patterns of our users. For information about Adobe's information collection practices and related opt-out choices, click here. For information about Krux's information collection practices and related opt-out choices, click here.  
0 	 Do Not Track.    Do Not Track is a standard that is currently under development. As it is not yet finalized, we do not currently respond to browser do-not-track signals. Instead, we adhere to the standards set out in this privacy policy and offer the opt-out choices described above.  
0 	 Sites to Which We Link:    We also may provide links to other websites or services, and provide access to products and services offered by third parties, whose privacy policies we don't control.  
0 	 How to Correct or Update Your Information:    Meredith Corporation provides you with the ability to access and edit certain personally identifying information that you have provided to us through our Services. To update this information, please visit the "My Account" area or comparable feature of the Service you used to enter your information. If you cannot locate such a feature, send us an email at privacy@meredith.com.  
0 	 Security, Retention and Storage of Information:    We use commercially reasonable procedures to protect the personally-identifying information that we collect. No security system is impenetrable, however. We cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. Please see our Visitor Agreement for more information related to posting materials on our Services including our use of such materials.  
1 	For the purposes set out in this Online Privacy Policy, personally-identifying information may be transferred to, processed, stored and accessed by us, our affiliates and our unaffiliated service providers in the United States and in other jurisdictions where we or they operate. Courts and other authorities in these jurisdictions may, in certain circumstances, be entitled to access your personally-identifying information. By using the Services, you consent to this transfer, processing, storage and access of your personally-identifying information in and/or outside of the jurisdiction in which you reside.  
0 	 Your California Privacy Rights    (As provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83)   California residents have the right to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed certain types of personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year. At our option, we may respond to such requests by providing instructions about how our users can exercise their options to prevent our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. You can read these instructions above in the section of our Online Privacy Policy titled " How We Disclose Information and Your Related Opt-out Choices." Or, if you are a California resident and prefer that we send you a separate response, please email your request to privacy@meredith.com  
0 	 Changes to Our Online Privacy Policy:    Digital technology is rapidly evolving. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy in the future, we'll post the changes here and indicate at the top of the policy the last date on which it was updated. Unless otherwise noted, all changes will be effective when posted.  
0 	Privacy Policy  
1 	Dog Breed Info Center does not collect or use your personal information, except in limited circumstances. When submitting photos, listing in our classifieds, or taking our survey, Dog Breed Info Center may collect your name, email address, home address and/or phone number. However, Dog Breed Info Center will not sell this information or your photos to a third party or place you on a mailing list without your express permission. Dog Breed Info Center does not collect cookies from its users. This is strictly an information site used for research and your enjoyment.  
0 	Dog Breed Info Center uses Google AdSense, which allows third-party vendors to serve ads on our website. You can find a list of allowed third-party ads by going to https://www.google.com/adsense/support/bin/answer.py?answer=94149topic=14535.  
0 	The third-party advertising companies that Google uses to serve ads when you visit our website may use information that will help them serve ads that will interest you. However, Google AdSense will not collect your name, address, email address or telephone number. It looks at visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Google AdSense, click here.
0 	 Our Privacy Commitment    Welcome to Curse! Curse, Inc. & Curse, Ltd. ("Curse," "we," "us" or "our") is committed to respecting the privacy rights and concerns of all users of the Curse www.curse.com websites where this Privacy Policy is posted (the "Site(s)") (we refer to the Site(s), the services and software made available through the Site(s), collectively, as the "Curse Features"). As such, we have established and implemented this Privacy Policy to inform visitors to the Site(s) and users of the Curse Features how we use and protect the information we collect through the Site(s). By visiting the Site(s) or using any of the Curse Features, you consent to Curse' collection, use, storage, deletion and disclosure of information relating to you as set forth in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date set forth above and is only applicable to the Site(s) and not to any other website that you may be able to access from the Site(s) which may have its own data collection and use practices and policies.  
1 	 What information do we collect about you and how do we use it?     Types of Information We Collect    Personal information means information that can be used to identify and contact you. You do not need to submit personal information to access certain areas of the Site(s), but if you do not want to disclose certain personal information to us, you will not be able to access certain aspects of the Curse Features.  
1 	We collect personal information when you create an account through the Curse Features; subscribe to our newsletter; participate in chat rooms, forums, polls, surveys, and questionnaires; participate in contests, sweepstakes, other promotions, or opt into third party offers and/or newsletters; purchase a product through the Curse Features; register a product that you have purchased; or receive customer or technical support.  
1 	To create an account for the Curse Features, we require you to provide your name, email address and country in which you reside. You will also need to create a screen name. When you are purchasing premium services or products through the Curse Features you may have to submit personal information to our billing partner, PayPal, including your email address, billing address and additional billing information depending on your preferred method of payment through PayPal, such as your credit card number. When you enter a contest or sweepstakes with Curse, in addition to your screen name, name and email address, we will ask for your mailing address in case we have to mail you a prize, and may ask you to opt into receiving a third party's offers and/or newsletter.  
1 	Additionally, we may also collect other types of information (known as demographic information) such as your gender, hobbies, occupation, platform preferences, and other game ownership information. This demographic information may be associated with your personal information.  
1 	 How We Use Your Personal Information    The personal information you provide to us will allow us to fulfill your product or service order; alert you of new products or services, features, or enhancements; handle/route your customer service questions or issues; and/or notify you of upgrade opportunities, contests, promotions, or special events and offers. We also use your e-mail address to send you messages about the Curse Features and other general announcements. We keep track of your interactions with us, including but not limited to your activity within the Curse Features. We may use personal information that you provide to us to send messages to you in response to your request to perform an activity in connection with your use of any of the Curse Features. We may also use your personal information to contact you when necessary.  
1 	 Cookies    "Cookies" are small bits of electronic information that a website sends to a visitor's browser and are stored on the visitor's hard drive. Like many websites, we employ cookies in certain areas of the Site(s) to allow us to provide information which is targeted to your interests and to make your online experience more convenient. For example, when you return to one of our websites after logging in, cookies provide information to the website so that the website will remember who you are. Should you disable cookies in your browser, you will have to provide your screen name and password each time you log in. Additionally, advertisements that are managed by third parties which may appear on the Site(s) use cookies. Advertisers use cookies to collect non-personal information when you click on or move your cursor over one of their banner advertisements. You may not realize this information is being collected. Advertisers use this information to monitor the performance of their advertisements. In some cases, we may have access to information from cookies used by these advertisers on the Site(s) and this information may permit us to identify other sites that you have visited that are also associated such advertisers.  
1 	 Log Information    Our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit the Site(s). Additionally, some of the Curse Features may collect information regarding your computer system. This information includes your Internet Protocol address, your browser type and version, the search engine you used to find the Curse Features, if any, the operating system your computer uses, the type of computer hardware you have (such as the amount of RAM, the type of GPU or type of CPU in your computer) which Curse Features you use and when and how long you use them. We use this information to monitor and analyze how users use the Curse Features, to provide customer service and to maintain and improve the Curse Features.  
0 	 Children's Privacy    We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. We take children's privacy seriously, and encourage parents to play an active role in their children's online experience at all times.  
0 	 Will we share your personal information with third parties?     Sharing of Information    We may use your personal information to provide analyses of our users in the aggregate to prospective partners, advertisers and other third parties. We may also disclose and otherwise use, on an anonymous basis, affiliation, position, interests and other non-personal information about customers.  
0 	In addition, we will share the personal information we collect from you under the following circumstances:     Protection of rights. We will share personal information if we have a good faith belief that (i) access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, such as a court order or subpoena, or a request by law enforcement or governmental authorities, (ii) such action is appropriate to enforce the Terms of Service for the Curse Features, including any investigation of potential violations thereof, (iii) such action is necessary to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues associated with the Curse Features, or (iv) such action is appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of Curse, its employees, users of the Curse Features or others.  
0 	  Asset transfers. If we become involved in a merger, acquisition or other transaction involving the sale of some or all of Curse's assets, user information, including personal information collected from you through your use of the Curse Features, could be included in the transferred assets. Should such an event occur, we will use reasonable means to notify you, either through email and/or a prominent notice on the Site(s).  
0 	  Service Providers. We may share your personal information with service providers that we engage for the purpose of processing information on our and your behalf. For example, have partnered with other companies to host and manage contests, fulfill product orders and prizes, and process payments. Additionally, we may partner with other companies to process consumer surveys, or to process, analyze, and/or store data. While providing services for us, these companies may access your personal information. To the extent applicable, we require these entities to comply with this Privacy Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures.  
0 	  Third Party Offers. We may also share your personal information with third party partners when you have opted into receiving third party offers and/or newsletters on our Site(s). We will not disclose your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes when you have not opted into receiving or have opted out of receiving such third party offers and/or newsletters through the Site(s). You may request that we stop sharing your information with a third party or third parties for direct marketing purposes after you have opted into such disclosure through the Site(s) by emailing us at support@curse.com and informing us of your desire for us to stop providing your information to a specific third party or a list of specific third parties. Curse's disclosure to third party partners may be made for cross promotional purposes, but Curse will not receive compensation as the primary consideration for such disclosure.  
0 	 Additional Information You Should Know About Third Parties    This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of third party websites linked to the Site(s) or third party offer and/or newsletter opt-ins provided through the Site(s). Although we encourage such third parties to adopt and follow their own privacy policies, we are not responsible for their collection and use of your personal information. You should refer to the privacy policies and statements of other websites or contact the respective webmasters of those websites to obtain information regarding their information collection, use and disclosure policies.  
0 	When you have clicked on an advertisement or third party logo displayed on our Site(s) which links you to a different website, our Privacy Policy no longer applies and you must read the privacy policy of the advertiser to see how your personal information will be handled on their website.  
0 	The Curse Features may also have message boards, forums and/or chat areas, where users can exchange ideas and communicate with one another. When you post to a message board, forum or chat area, please be aware that the information you post is made publicly available on-line and you do so at your own risk.  
0 	 What choices do you have about the collection and use of your personal information?     Control of Your Information    We may use third-party advertising companies, such as Yahoo!, Google, OpenX, Lijit to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information about your interests in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, see the Digital Advertising Alliance's or Network Advertising Initiative's website.  
0 	You may update or delete your personal information or modify your account preferences for the Curse Features by accessing the "My Account" area of the Curse Features or sending us an email to support@curse.com requesting us to update or delete your personal information. Please note that when you delete your account, we may retain your account information for a reasonable period of time afterward for the purpose of internal account management and fraud prevention activities.  
0 	 Opting Out of Receiving Communications from Us    If you no longer want to receive our newsletter, e-mails or other announcements, you may unsubscribe by selecting "unsubscribe" in your account, writing to us at contact@curse.com or replying to the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our e-mails. Please note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain correspondence from us, including messages relating to your account transactions. If you wish to unsubscribe from any newsletters, offers, e-mails or other announcements from our third party advertising partners that you have opted into through the Site(s), you will need to contact such third party advertising partner directly through their independent website(s).  
0 	 Mediation    If you are a resident of a country outside of the European Union, you also agree that, in the event any dispute or claim arises out of or relating to this Privacy Policy that you and Curse will attempt in good faith to negotiate a written resolution of the matter directly between the parties. You agree that if the matter remains unresolved for forty-five (45) days after notification (via certified mail or personal delivery) that a dispute exists, all parties shall join in mediation services in San Francisco, California with a mutually agreed mediator in an attempt to resolve the dispute. Should you file any arbitration claims, or any administrative or legal actions without first having attempted to resolve the matter by mediation, then you agree that you will not be entitled to recover attorney's fees, even if you would otherwise be entitled to them.  
0 	 Dispute Resolution for Residents of the European Union    If you are a resident of the European Union, in the event that you have any dispute or claim arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy, you may report your claim to the European Union Data Protection Authorities located in your jurisdiction.  
0 	 What security measures do we take to safeguard your personal information?    The personal information that you provide to us is stored on servers, which are located in secured facilities with restricted access, and protected by protocols and procedures designed to ensure the security of such information. In addition, we restrict access to personal information to Curse employees, independent contractors and agents who need to know this information in order to develop, operate and maintain the Curse Features. All Curse personnel who have access to this information are trained in the maintenance and security of such information. However, no server, computer or communications network or system, or data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect user information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or through the use of any of the Curse Features and you acknowledge and agree that you provide such information and engage in such transmissions at your own risk. Once we receive a transmission from you, we will endeavor to maintain its security on our systems.  
0 	 European Union and Switzerland Directive on Data Protection - Safe Harbor    Curse complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. Curse has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Curse's certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.  
0 	 Notification of Changes    This Privacy Policy may change from time to time and we will post all changes on this page.  
0 	 Questions? Contact Us    If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at contact@curse.com.
0 	Privacy Policy  
1 	For each visitor to our Web site, or Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, operating system, and web browser version but not the e-mail address. Cookies are generated and placed on your computer when you visit a Web site. They make your return visits to a Web site more convenient. We do not use cookies to collect personal information, and we do not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer for purposes that are unrelated to the Web site or your interaction with the Web site.  
0 	 Disclaimer    The information provided is "as is" with all faults and without warranty of any kind, expressed or implied. National Chicken Council (NCC) makes no warranties or representations regarding the accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein.  
0 	NCC has provided links to other Internet sites only for the convenience of World-Wide Web users, and is not responsible for the materials, activities or content of other sites. NCC does not endorse, warrant or guarantee any products or services described or offered at these companies, addresses, or Web sites.
0 	 Effective Date: May 7, 2015     Kraft Site Privacy Notice    This website is owned and operated by Kraft Foods Group, Inc. At Kraft, we recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us and how we handle that information. This Privacy Notice describes the types of information we collect from and about you when you visit this website (and the mobile optimized version of this website), how we may use and disclose such information, and your ability to control certain uses of it.  
1 	 Information We Collect     Personally-Identifiable Information    We collect certain personally-identifiable information, such as your name, birth year, telephone number and e-mail address, if you choose to register on our website or participate in our offers and programs. We don't require you to register or provide personally-identifiable information to view our site or access much of its content, such as our many delicious recipes, but if you register, you may use certain additional features that allow you to receive or access your favorite recipes and participate in our interactive communities. Sharing this additional information with us also helps us customize your website experience. In addition, we may use the information you provide us to send you offers and information about Kraft, its portfolio of brands and its partners. Here are the ways we collect personally-identifiable information.  
1 	 Registration    To take full advantage of our offers, you may choose to register on our site. In the registration process, we request certain information (such as your contact information and age) so we can provide you with the communications you request, tailor our website to better meet your needs and customize our contacts with you.  
1 	 Contests, Sweepstakes and Games    We may provide contests, sweepstakes and games that you can enter. We use the information you provide to conduct the promotion (for example, to contact you if you're a winner) and to provide you with offers and information as described in this privacy notice.  
1 	 E-mail    When you ask us to send you recipes, cooking ideas, or other content by e-mail, you may provide us with certain information like your e-mail address so we can fulfill your request.  
1 	 Kraft First Taste    If you sign up through Kraft First Taste, we may ask you for certain information so we can provide you with the communications and offers you requested, including communications about new products and services.  
1 	 Ratings and Other Interactive Features    When you participate in certain interactive features on our site, such as using our recipe exchange, recipe ratings and product ratings and reviews, you may submit information and content, such as recipes, ratings, comments, pictures, etc. to the site. You may also provide us with certain information like your e-mail address, nickname, city and state of residency. We may use this information to contact you about the content you have provided or to post with your content. Remember that what you post or upload to the site will be publicly available, so please exercise caution when deciding whether to disclose anything personal about yourself. Kraft cannot control the actions of third parties who may view the website and use publicly-available information for their own purposes.  
1 	 Mobile    When you view the site using a mobile device, in addition to the other information we may collect from your actions, we may collect your mobile phone number, device identifier, and geolocation information as well as other non-personal information, such as your device type and carrier.  
1 	 "Contact Us" Link    If you contact us through the "Contact Us" link on this site, we ask you for information such as your first name, e-mail address, and other information, so we can respond to your questions and comments. You may choose to provide additional information as well.  
1 	 Shopping    When you purchase products or services from Kraft, we request your billing information so we can fulfill your request. We use your billing information only to send you the items you ordered.  
1 	 Send to a Friend    We may give you the opportunity to tell your friends about features or information on our website. If you take advantage of our Send to a Friend option, we ask you for your friend's and your first name and e-mail addresses to send the information to them that you requested. We don't keep or use your friend's e-mail address for any other purpose.  
1 	 Other Site Features    We offer visitors to our website various features for their enjoyment, which we change from time to time. We may ask you to submit certain personally-identifiable information so we can provide you with these features.  
1 	 Questionnaires and Surveys    We may ask our website visitors and purchasers to complete surveys and opinion polls to provide feedback on activities, attitudes and interests. These surveys help us understand the needs of our visitors and purchasers.  
1 	 Information Collected By Automated Means    We may use cookies, web beacons/pixel tags, log files, and other technologies to collect certain information about visitors to our website, use of our online services, and interactions with our emails and online advertisements. For example, through these means, we may automatically collect information such as your browser type, operating system, mobile device type and carrier, Internet service provider ("ISP"), and IP address. We may also collect information about your use of and interaction with the website (such as the webpages viewed, whether you open, forward, or click-through links, emails, and ads) and other site usage data. Collecting this information, and linking it with your personally-identifiable information, helps us to best tailor our website and enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site, and to help identify site features, recipes, advertisements, and offers that may be of particular interest to you.  
0 	| We also may use third party advertisements placed by ad networks to support our site. Some of these advertisers and ad networks may use technology such as cookies and web beacons/pixel tags when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers and ad networks information including your IP address, ISP, browser type, and whether you have Flash installed. Some of these advertisers and ad networks also may use anonymous data, such as demographic data, received from third parties to assist in the delivery of advertisements to you. These third-party advertisers and ad networks use the information described above to provide you relevant advertisements based on your online behavior, search activities on our site and on other third party sites, and demographic information, so that the advertising you see on our site more closely reflects your interests and needs. For example, if you search for, or browse a, recipe or product on our site, you may see an advertisement from a third party with information about, or an offer similar to, that for which you were searching or browsing on our site, or an offer related to a third party whose site you have visited in the past.  
0 	 Tracking Options    You can set your Internet browser settings to stop accepting new cookies, to receive notice when you receive a new cookie, to disable existing cookies, and to omit images (which will disable pixel tags). Note that the opt-out will apply only to the browser that you are using when you adjust your tracking settings or cookie preferences. Our system may not respond to Do Not Track requests or headers from some or all browsers. You can learn more about and opt out from receiving third party advertiser cookies by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance's opt-out page here. Without cookies or pixel tags though, you may not be able to take full advantage of all of Kraft's website features. We adhere to the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising.  
1 	 Information Collected From Other Sources    We may obtain information about you from other sources, including commercially available sources, such as data aggregators and public databases. This information may include your name, demographic information, interests, and publicly-observed data, such as from social media and shopping behavior. We may combine this information with the information we collect from you to help us tailor our communications to you and to improve our services and products.  
1 	 How We Use Your Information    We may use the information we collect from and about you to contact you from time to time. For example, we may send you promotional offers, materials, and other communications and information about Kraft, its portfolio of brands and its partners. You may receive these offers in advertising that is directed to you via third party sites and media platforms, including in social media. We may respond to your comments or questions, or contact you if needed while processing a product or service you requested through our website. We also may use the information you provide to contact you for your opinions on Kraft products, services or websites. As described in this Privacy Notice, we also use the information we collect about you to improve our website, products and services, and to deliver content that is customized to your interests.  
0 	 How We Share Your Information    We do not sell or otherwise disclose personally identifiable information about our website visitors, except as described here. We do not share your personally identifiable information with unaffiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes without your consent. For California residents, please see "Your California Privacy Rights" below.  
0 	We may share personally identifiable information we collect from and about you among Kraft brands and subsidiaries. We may also share the information with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf, such as to help run promotions, fulfill orders and provide customer service. These service providers may have access to personally-identifiable information about our website visitors if it is needed to perform their functions for Kraft, but they are not authorized by Kraft to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on Kraft's behalf or to comply with legal requirements. In addition, we may disclose information where we think it's necessary to investigate or prevent an actual or suspected crime or injury to ourselves or others, if required by law, or in response to a request from law enforcement authorities or other government officials.  
0 	We may share your email address with a third-party, such as a media agency, to send you interest-based advertising on our behalf. We may also share aggregated or de-identified information about you, including based on your email address, with our advertising and marketing partners, and third-party media platforms, including social media sites, to allow them to send targeted advertising messages and/or conduct analyses on our behalf. If you wish to stop receiving advertising messages from these third parties, please review the "Your Choices" section below. In addition, you may be able to opt out of these ads by clicking on an icon in the ad or through the privacy settings in each social media platform.  
0 	We may conduct joint promotions with other companies. We may share with our promotional partners (and their service providers) certain personally-identifiable information as necessary to conduct the promotion. We will not share this information with our promotional partners for any other purpose unless you consent to such sharing.  
0 	During the normal course of our business, Kraft may sell or purchase assets. If another entity acquires us or any of our assets, information we have collected about you may be transferred to such entity. In addition, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, such information may be considered an asset of ours and may be sold or transferred to third parties. Should a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee use personally identifiable information provided through this website in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice.  
0 	 Your California Privacy Rights    For California Residents: We may share your personally-identifiable information with affiliated third parties, some of which do not share the Kraft name, for their own direct marketing purposes. Because this category of affiliates is considered to be "unaffiliated parties" under California Law, you may opt out of us sharing with them. To opt out, please send a letter with your name, postal address, e-mail, with the heading "California Privacy Rights" to:   Kraft Foods Group, Inc. Three Lakes Drive Northfield, IL 60093 Attention: Consumer Relations  
0 	 Links To Other Websites    This website may contain links to other websites. We provide these links solely for your convenience and information. Different websites have different privacy practices. You should always check the privacy notice of the specific site you're visiting to understand the privacy practices associated with that site. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of third party websites.  
0 	 Your Choices    Our website allows you to opt out of certain information gathering and sharing, or to opt out of certain products, services or features. You can change your preferences for follow-up contacts by Kraft. If you're registered with our website, you can change the information you've provided to us in the "Your Profile" section of the site. If you're not registered with our site, you can change your preferences by clicking here. If you prefer, you can cancel your registration altogether. E-mail us if you wish to take this action.  
0 	If you wish to limit how third parties use your email address to send you targeted advertising through social media on our behalf, contact us here. Please allow 10 days for your email to be removed from our marketing database.  
0 	 Children's Information    This site is intended for general audiences, and Kraft does not direct the site to collect, or knowingly collect, any personal information from children under the age of 13.  
0 	 How We Protect Your Information    The security of personally-identifiable information is important to us. We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized use, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the personally-identifiable information we collect on this website. While we make every effort to help ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee our security measures.  
0 	 Updates To This Privacy Notice    We may change or update portions of this Privacy Notice at any time. Please check back from time to time so you are aware of any changes or updates to the notice. We will indicate the notice's effective date on the first page of the notice.  
0 	 How To Contact Us    If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, you can contact us at: Kraft Foods Group, Inc. Three Lakes Drive Northfield, IL 60093 Attention: Consumer Relations 1-800-543-5335 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. Eastern Time, Monday through Friday, excluding holidays. E-mail us.  
0 	We would be happy to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
0 	Smithsonian Institution's Privacy Statement  
1 	 Overview    Thank you for visiting the Smithsonian Institution network of Websites and reviewing our Privacy Statement. The Smithsonian Institution does not collect personal information about visitors to our Websites unless you choose to provide that information to us. The Smithsonian will use that information to respond to your message and to help us get you the information you have requested.  
0 	This Privacy Statement applies to the online activities of the Smithsonian Institution and onsite interactive activities (collectively "Websites"). It does not apply to its Smithsonian Enterprises websites (Smithsonian Magazine, Air Space Magazine, Smithsonian Store, and Smithsonian Journeys). Consult those websites for the Smithsonian Enterprises privacy statement.  
1 	 Information Collected and Stored Automatically    When you visit our Websites, we automatically gather and store the following information about your visit so that we can track the use of our Websites in order to make improvements. This information is stored and used in the aggregate only, and is not used to contact you personally:     The IP address from which you access our Websites;     The name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, gmail.com, if you are connecting from a Google account);     The type of browser and operating system used to access our Websites;     The date and time you access our sites;     The pages, files, documents and links that you visit; and     The domain of the website which referred you to this Website (the last website you visited before visiting this one).  
1 	 Cookies    In addition to information collected automatically, we use cookies to support the internal functionality of the Websites. Cookies, which are small pieces of information sent to your browser by a website that you visit, are used to track usage patterns, traffic trends and customer behavior, as well as to record other information from the Website. When you register on the Websites, cookies also allow us to save information so that you will not have to re-enter it the next time you visit. Many content adjustments and customer service improvements are made based on the data derived from cookies. Some Smithsonian Websites use third-party vendors, such as Google Analytics, to place cookies and analyze the information collected by cookies in order to make the Smithsonian Websites more interesting and useful to you. No personally identifiable information is collected. Information that we collect from cookies will not be used to create profiles of individual users and only will be used in aggregate form. The data is retained for as long as necessary to support the mission of the Smithsonian Websites. You may set your browser to refuse cookies from any website that you visit. If you so choose, you may still gain access to most of the Smithsonian's Websites, but you may not be able to conduct certain types of transactions (such as shopping) or take advantage of some of the interactive elements offered. You may opt-out of Google Analytics using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.  
1 	Additionally, some Smithsonian Websites may use the Demographics and Interest reporting feature for Google Analytics for Display Advertising. The data provided by this service (such as age, gender, and interests) is used to better understand visitors to these Websites and customize our Websites to our users' interest. You may opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising by visiting Ad Settings.  
1 	 If You Send Us Personal Information    The Smithsonian's Websites will only collect personal information which you knowingly and voluntarily provide by, for example, sending emails, completing membership forms, registering for classes, events, or other programs, responding to surveys or ordering merchandise. If you provide us with personal information, we will normally respond to your inquiry, request or order. We may also contact you to provide information about Smithsonian activities, programs, membership and development opportunities, products and special events that may interest you. Except as described below, we will not share your name or information outside the Smithsonian unless you affirmatively authorize us to do so by opting-in.  
0 	When we send you such information by email, you will always have an immediate opportunity to decline further communication. Please use the contact specified in the email so that we can remove you from the list that contains your name. If you are uncertain about whom to contact, you may contact our webmaster at webmaster@si.edu.  
0 	The Smithsonian uses outside vendors to provide certain services, such as companies that process credit card transactions for the Smithsonian. These third-party vendors will have access to the information needed to perform their functions, but may not use your information for any other purpose. Some Smithsonian units, on occasion, rent or exchange select member name and address information with other charitable or cultural non-profit organizations. You will be notified of any such sharing and provided an opportunity to opt-out.  
0 	There may be sites within the Smithsonian's network of Websites where you can opt-in to receive information from non-Smithsonian entities. If you opt-in, you may receive correspondence from these organizations on programs, products or services that might interest you. If you decide to opt-out of receiving any further correspondence from a non-Smithsonian entity, please correspond directly with that business or organization to be removed from its mailing list.  
0 	Please note that the Smithsonian also may provide your information to: (1) a Federal, State, or local law enforcement agency if the Smithsonian becomes aware of a violation or potential violation of law or regulation; (2) a court or party in a court or Federal administrative proceeding if the Smithsonian is a party or in order to comply with a subpoena; (3) a member of the public in response to his or her request for Smithsonian records under Smithsonian Directive 807, available at www.si.edu/ogc; (4) the Department of Justice or in certain legal proceedings when the Smithsonian, an employee of the Smithsonian, or the United States is a party to litigation or has an interest in the litigation and the use of such records is deemed relevant and necessary to the litigation; (5) Smithsonian officials, including the Inspector General, as needed to perform official duties; (6) a Committee of Congress in response to a formal request; (7) protect the security or integrity of the Smithsonian Websites and services; and (8) any other person or entity as required by law.  
0 	Any further sharing or disclosure requires your consent.  
0 	 Security    The Smithsonian takes reasonable steps to design and manage our Websites' technology to ensure that its information technology systems, applications, and information technology infrastructure are secure. The Smithsonian requires credit card processing be secured based on compliance with Payment Card Industry (PCI) standards. When you use your credit card for any purchase on a Smithsonian Website, that transaction is always encrypted when traveling over the Internet.  
0 	As appropriate and feasible, the Smithsonian monitors network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to access, upload, or change information or otherwise cause damage. Unauthorized access and/or unauthorized attempts to change information on Smithsonian Websites are strictly prohibited and punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act. In addition to limiting access to personal information to those who have a business "need to know", the Smithsonian requires its service providers who help maintain or operate its Websites to contractually agree to protect the confidentiality, integrity, availability and security of the personal information.  
0 	 Embedded Plug-Ins, Widgets, and Links    Within the Smithsonian's Websites there are embedded applications, plug-ins, widgets or links to non-Smithsonian Websites (collectively "sites"). These sites operate independently of the Smithsonian and have their own privacy policies. When you visit these sites, you leave our Website and no longer will be subject to our privacy and security policies. The Smithsonian is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of other sites, and such sites are not intended to be an endorsement of those sites or their content.  
0 	 Children    The Smithsonian's Websites are intended to be accessible and enjoyed by general audiences. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13, without first providing the parent or legal guardian with notice and obtaining prior verifiable consent. Where a Smithsonian Website is specifically directed toward children under the age of 13, the terms of the Smithsonian's Kids Online Privacy ("SKOP") Statement will apply and the Website will include a link to the SKOP.  
0 	 Comments    The Smithsonian is a large organization with many people sharing responsibility for the content of our Websites. Please help us respond to your comments and inquiries by sending them to the appropriate Smithsonian office. Consult our special Web page to help you determine where to send your inquiry at http://www.si.edu/contacts. If you have questions about this Privacy Statement, please contact us via email at Privacy@si.edu.  
0 	Last revised: June 18, 2014
1 	 Privacy and Security Notice     Security Notice    This is a Federal computer system and is the property of the United States Government. It is for authorized use only. Users (authorized or unauthorized) have no explicit or implicit expectation of privacy. Any or all uses of this system, associated connected systems and all files may be intercepted, monitored, recorded, copied, audited, inspected, and disclosed to authorized site, Department of Energy, and law enforcement personnel, as well as authorized officials of other agencies, both domestic and foreign. By using this system, the user consents to such interception, monitoring, recording, copying, auditing, inspection, and disclosure at the discretion of authorized site or Department of Energy personnel. Unauthorized or improper use of this system may result in administrative disciplinary action and civil and criminal penalties. By continuing to use this system you indicate your awareness of and consent to these terms and conditions of use. LOG OFF IMMEDIATELY if you do not agree to the conditions stated in this warning.  
0 	 Disclaimers    Information in this system was prepared as an account of work sponsored by an agency of the United States Government. Neither the United States Government nor any agency thereof, nor any of their employees, nor any of their contractors, subcontractors, or their employees, makes any warranty, express or implied, or assumes any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information, apparatus, product, or process disclosed, or represents that its use would not infringe privately owned rights. Reference herein to any specific commercial product, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the United States Government or any agency, contractor, or subcontractor thereof. The views and opinions of authors expressed herein do not necessarily state or reflect those of the United States Government or any agency, contractor or subcontractor thereof.  
1 	 Privacy Notice    You do not have to provide personal information to visit our site. Personally identifiable information is collected only if it is specifically and knowingly provided by you. If such information is collected, it will be used solely in connection with Jefferson Lab or for such other purposes as are described at the point of collection. We do not give, sell, or transfer any personal information to a third party. We also do not use persistent cookies. Certain information about usage is gathered automatically. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store information including the following: IP address, the date and time you accessed our site, the type of browser, and the address from which you linked directly to our site. This information is not shared with anyone beyond the support staff for this site, except when required by law or contract, and is used only as a source of anonymous statistical information.
0 	 Terms and Conditions    Please refer to the order terms below. If you have any further questions, please contact us.     Web orders will ship 5-7 business days from the time of purchase.   Any defective items purchased directly from Lodge are eligible for full refund or exchange by contacting customer service.   Shipping for returns/exchanges due to non-defect reasons (i.e. wrong size, color, no longer desired) will be the responsibility of the customer.   Items bought from retailers should be returned/exchanged at the place of purchase.   Transactions are transmitted using 128-bit secure socket layers (SSL) for up-to-date data protection  
0 	 Privacy Policy    This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.  
1 	What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?   When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.  
1 	When do we collect information?   We collect information from you when you place an order or enter information on our site.  
1 	How do we use your information?   We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:     To quickly process your transactions.  
0 	How do we protect visitor information?   Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.  
0 	Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.  
0 	We implement a variety of security measures enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.  
0 	All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.  
1 	Do we use 'cookies'?   Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.  
1 	We use cookies to:     Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.  
0 	You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.  
0 	If users disable cookies in their browser:   If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled It will turn off some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders.  
0 	Third Party Disclosure   We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.  
0 	Third party links   We do not include or offer third party products or services on our website.  
0 	Google   Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en  
0 	We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future.  
0 	California Online Privacy Protection Act   CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf  
0 	According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:  
0 	Users can visit our site anonymously  
0 	Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.  
0 	Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above.  
0 	Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:     On our Privacy Policy Page  
0 	Users are able to change their personal information:     By emailing us     By calling us     By logging in to their account  
0 	How does our site handle do not track signals?   We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.  
0 	Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?   It's also important to note that we do not allow third party behavioral tracking  
0 	COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)   When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.  
0 	We do not specifically market to children under 13.  
0 	Fair Information Practices   The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.  
0 	In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:  
0 	We will notify the users via email     Within 7 business days  
0 	We will notify the users via in site notification     Within 7 business days  
0 	We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.  
0 	Contacting Us   If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.   204 E. 5th Street   South Pittsburg, TN 37380   United States   info@lodgemfg.com   423.837.7181   Last Edited on 10/2014  
0 	 Privacy Policy    We respect your right to privacy and will protect it. Any information you provide is strictly confidential and solely for our company use. No information will be sold to any other companies or organizations.  
0 	 I. What kind of information do we collect from you when you visit our site?    We may contract with third party marketing companies to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet. They may collect non-personal information about your visits to our website, and your interaction with our products and services. They may also use non-personal information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements for goods and services. These targeted advertisements may appear on other websites that you visit. The anonymous information is collected through the use of technology such as Cookies and Web Beacons, which are industry standard. No Personally Identifiable Information ("PII") is collected in this process.  
1 	We also collect personal information about you when you check out of our store such as your name, address, postal code, phone number, etc. We need this information to process payment and ship merchandise to you.  
0 	II. Sharing of information.   We may share your PII and non-personal information, including your name, address, email address and any transactions you conduct on our website or offline with us with a third party advertising partner and its service providers in order to deliver tailored advertising to you that match your interests when you visit our website as well as other websites. Our advertising partner will make the data that we provide anonymous so that no one else will receive your PII.  
0 	 III. Newsletter Opt-Out.    If at any time you prefer not to be included in our mailings, please notify us by email or call us at the winery and we will honor your request immediately. Our phone number is 707 887 1507.  
0 	 IV. Consumer inquiries and privacy.    You may opt-out of the use of your information for tailored advertising purposes. To learn more about the use of this information or to choose not to have this information used by our third-party advertising partner by opting out, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking here*. If you delete your Cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice.  
0 	 V. Protecting your information.    All the payment information we collect is done so under SSL - a standard internet security measure. Any data that we store about you is kept behind a secure firewall in our database and is not accessible to the public in any way.
0 	 Privacy Policy    This privacy policy (this "Privacy Policy") was last modified on January 14, 2015.   www.AllParenting.com   www.BeautyHigh.com   www.BlogHer.com   www.DailyMakeover.com   www.DrinksMixer.com   www.FabulousFoods.com   www.FabulousLiving.com   www.HarryPotterFans.com   www.LovingYou.com   www.MakeoverSolutions.com   www.PregnancyandBaby.com   www.SheKnows.com   Australia.SheKnows.com   Canada.SheKnows.com   UK.SheKnows.com   www.SoapOperaFan.com   www.StyleCaster.com   www.StyleCasterMediaGroup.com   (collectively, the "Website")  
0 	SheKnows, LLC, an Arizona limited liability company, and its affiliated companies, including StyleCaster, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and BlogHer Inc., a Delaware corporation (collectively, "Company," "we," or "us"), knows that you care how information about you is used and shared. This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by Company when you use the Website, any mobile versions of the Website, any applications published by the Company that you download from the Website or from a third-party, and other related services (the "Service"), how the information will be used and how you can control the collection, correction and/or deletion of information. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. To the extent that any terms of the Privacy Policy conflict with the terms of an existing written (including electronic) agreement between you and the Company regarding the use of specific areas of the Website or specific services (collectively, the "Other Agreements"), the terms of such Other Agreements shall govern.  
1 	 Information We Collect    User-Provided Information: You provide us information about yourself, such as your name and email address, when you register with the Service. Also, you may provide information when you participate in sweepstakes and contests, message boards and chat rooms, leave a comment on the Website, respond to one of our surveys, or use Try On technology other interactive areas of our Website (all such information and material, "User Content"). If you correspond with us by email, we may retain the content of your email messages, your email address and our responses.  
1 	Cookies Information: When you visit the Website, we may send one or more cookies - a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters - to your computer, mobile or other device ("Local Device Storage") that uniquely identifies your browser or device and allows Company to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Website. A cookie does not collect personal information about you from which your individual identity can be established. Company uses both session cookies and persistent cookies. A persistent cookie remains in your Local Device Storage after you close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Service. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser's or Local Device Storage's directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can set your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Therefore, some features of the Service may not function properly or at all if the ability to accept all cookies is disabled. Other cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to help us and advertisers make suggestions relevant to you and your interests. They remember the websites you have visited and that information is shared with other parties such as advertisers. For example, we use third parties to provide you with more personalized advertisements when visiting other websites. You can change the settings on your browser or Local Device Storage to prevent cookies being stored on your Local Device Storage without your explicit consent. Your browser "help" section will normally provide details on how to manage the cookie settings.  
1 	Social Networking: If you choose to access, visit and/or use any third-party social networking service(s) that may be integrated with the Service, we may receive personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer, mobile and other device that you have made available to those services, including information about your contacts on those services. For example, some social networking services allow you to push content from our Service to your contacts or to pull information about your contacts so you can connect with them on or through our Service. Some social networking services also will facilitate your registration for our Service or enhance or personalize your experience on our Service. Your decision to use a social networking service in connection with our Service is voluntary. However, you should make sure you are comfortable with the information your third-party social networking services may make available to our Service by vising those services' privacy policies and/or modifying your privacy settings directly with those services. We reserve the right to use, transfer, assign, share and provide access to all personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer, mobile or other device that we receive through third-party social networking services in the same ways described in this Privacy Policy as all of your other information.  
1 	Log File Information: Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page. When you register with or view our Website, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and other such information.  
0 	Information Storage: Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on, servers and databases located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as your jurisdiction. Be advised that Company may transfer your information to and from any state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction, and process it in the United States or elsewhere. Your consent to the Company's Privacy Policy followed by your submission of information represents your agreement to any such transfer.  
1 	Clear Gifs Information: When you use the Service, we may employ clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons) which are used to track the online usage patterns of our users anonymously. No personally identifiable information from your Company account is collected using these clear gifs. In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients. The information is used to enable more accurate reporting, improve the effectiveness of our marketing and make us better for our users.  
0 	New Technology: As we adopt additional technology, we may also gather information through other means and there may be other technologies present that act in a similar way, but are protected by confidentiality.  
1 	 How We Use Your Information    We use the information you submit (including any personal information) to operate, maintain and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service or otherwise in connection with our business in relation to the Service. By using the Service you consent to this use and any other use of information identified in this Privacy Policy. For example, if you enter an online sweepstakes, we will use this information to notify you if you are a winner. We may also use the information to communicate with you about new features, products or services, and/or to improve the services that we offer by tailoring them to your needs.  
0 	Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service (for instance, in User Content you post on message boards, in chat areas, or leave a comment to an article) becomes available to the public. You should be aware that even if you remove User Content, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored your User Content.  
1 	By providing Company your email address, you consent to our using the email address to send you Service-related notices, including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail. We may also use your email address to send you other messages, such as newsletters, changes to features of the Service or special offers. If you do not want to receive such email messages, you may opt out by sending an email message to legal@sheknows.com with the word "No email - SheKnows" in the subject field. Opting out may prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates, improvements or offers.  
1 	Company may use certain information about you and/or your User Content without identifying you as an individual to third parties. We do this for purposes such as analyzing how the Service is used, diagnosing service or technical problems, maintaining security and personalizing advertisements and promotions.  
0 	Company reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor the User Content you post on the Website. Company has the right to remove any such User Content for any reason or no reason, including, without limitation, if in its sole opinion, such User Content violates, or may violate, any applicable law or our Terms of Use, which are incorporated herein by reference, or to protect or defend Company's rights or property or those of any third party. Company also reserves the right to remove User Content upon the request of any third party.  
1 	We use cookies, clear gifs and log file information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Website; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of the Service; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors and traffic; (e) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP; and (f) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in to the Website.  
0 	If you do not wish to receive future commercial messages from us, simply follow the unsubscribe instructions contained within the message you receive. Note that you may continue to receive certain communications from us, such as transactional or relationship messages, and/or messages about your account profile.  
0 	We may also allow access to our database by third parties that provide us with services, such as technical maintenance, market research, community and forums management, auction services, and shopping, personal/job search and other classified ads functionality, but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide those services. If you choose to purchase merchandise, products and/or services on or through features on the Service, we may forward your information to third parties for services such as credit card or other payment processing, order fulfillment, credit pre-authorization, and address verification. There are also times when you provide information about yourself to us in areas of the Service that may be managed or participated in by third parties. In such cases, the information may be used by us and by such third party(ies), each pursuant to its own policies. We may also provide your information to our advertisers, so that they can serve ads to you that meet your needs or match your interests. While we may seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorize them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it is provided, we do not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties.  
1 	We reserve the right to access, use, and share with others your personally identifiable information for purposes of health, safety and other matters in the public interest.  
1 	In addition, we reserve the right to use the information we collect about your computer, mobile or other device (including its geographic location), which may at times be able to identify you, for any lawful business purpose, including without limitation to help diagnose problems with our servers, to gather broad demographic information, analyze trends, track users' movements around the Service, and to otherwise administer the Service. Geographic location information about you and/or your computer, mobile or other device may specifically be used to show you content and sponsored messaging based on geographic location.  
1 	We reserve the right to use, transfer, sell and share aggregated, anonymous data about our users as a group for any lawful business purpose, such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers, sponsors, clients and customers.  
0 	In addition, as our business changes, we may buy or sell various assets. In the event all or a portion of the assets owned or controlled by us, our parent or any subsidiary or affiliated entity are sold, assigned, transferred or acquired by another company, the information from and/or about our Service users may be among the transferred assets.  
1 	We reserve the right to identify you from information you provide to us and/or to merge or co-mingle anonymous or non-personally identifiable data about you, your offline and online behavior, and/or your computer, mobile or other device (including its geographic location), with the information you provide to use and/or other personally identifiable data for any lawful business purpose.  
0 	 How We Share Your Information    Personally Identifiable Information: Except as described in this Privacy Policy, Company will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others.  
0 	Company may share your personally identifiable information or information about your computer, mobile or other device with our affiliates and third parties solely for the purpose of providing services to you. We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of Company (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers).  
0 	As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Customer, email and visitor information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions. We may also transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers or dissolution.  
0 	Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, Company will not disclose personal information to any third party unless required to do so by law, regulation or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the law, comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates or investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities; (b) to enforce our Terms of Use, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies or to protect the security or integrity of our Website; and (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property or personal safety of Company, our users or others. Please note we may not provide notice prior to disclosure in such cases.  
0 	Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for certain Company services.  
0 	Company allows other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements on the Website. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on the Website. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript or Web Beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content.  
0 	Company does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent. However, please note that if an advertiser asks Company to show an advertisement to a certain audience and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach.  
0 	You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or ad networks. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such advertisers.  
0 	 How We Protect Your Information    Company uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Company and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission of information, Company makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical or managerial safeguards.  
0 	To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to your email communications from Company, at all times.  
0 	 Compromise of Personal Information    In the event that personal information is compromised as a result of a breach of security, Company will take commercially reasonable measures to promptly notify those persons whose personal information has been compromised, in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise required by applicable law.  
0 	 Your Choices About Your Personal Information    You may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable information to Company, in which case Company may not be able to provide certain services to you.  
0 	 Children's Privacy    Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, Company does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number or email address. No one under age 13 is allowed to provide any personal information to Company. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at legal@sheknows.com.  
0 	 Third Parties    Company expects its partners, advertisers and affiliates to respect the privacy of our users. Be aware, however, that third parties, including our partners, advertisers, affiliates and other content providers accessible through our Website, may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices.  
0 	You should also be aware that if you voluntarily disclose information (including personally identifiable information) on message boards or in chat areas, that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties. Such activities are beyond our control and outside the scope of this Privacy Policy.  
0 	Company is not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from the Website nor the information or content contained therein. It follows that the Company accepts no responsibility for events experienced by you if you visit a third party site by clicking through from the Website. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Website to another website, this Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. User browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on our Website, is subject to that other website's own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.  
0 	 Third Party Advertisements and Technologies:    We use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements when you visit the Website as is explained in detail in the Terms of Use. In the course of advertisements being served to you, a unique third-party cookie or other advertising technology may be placed on your browser. This advertising technology uses information derived from your visits to the Website to target advertising within this Website or on other websites. This information is used for many purposes, for example, it helps us try to ensure that you do not see the same advertisements over and over again. We also use this information to help select and display targeted advertisements that we believe may be of interest to you (sometimes called "online behavioral advertising" or "interest-based advertising" or "OBA"). We also use web beacons, provided by third-party advertising companies, to help manage and optimize our online advertising. Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this Website, to learn which banner ads bring users to our Website and to deliver more relevant advertising.  
0 	In addition, our advertisers or other third parties may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on the Website and other websites. We do not control the data collection and use practices of these other third parties. You should read the privacy notices of the websites you visit in order to determine what companies may be collecting information on those websites.  
0 	 OBA Opt Out    If you would like to "opt-out" of being served OBA on the Website by our third-party advertising companies, click on the AdChoices icon below and select the companies whose OBA technology you would like to block on the Website.  
0 	You may also "opt-out" of other third party programs using OBA technology on your web browser: (a) for users targeted in the United States by visiting http://www.aboutads.info/choices; (b) for users targeted in Europe by visiting http:://www.youronlinechoices.com, selecting the country where you are located; (c) for users targeted in Australia by visiting http://youronlinechoices.com.au, and selecting "Your Ad Choices" or "Your Choices" as applicable, and (d) for users targeted in Canada by visiting http://youradchoices.ca/choices.  
0 	For more information about online advertising, please visit: (a) http://aboutads.info/consumers regarding United States online choices; (b) http://youronlinechoices.com regarding European online choices; (c) http://youronlinechoices.com.au regarding Australian online choices; and/or (d) http://youradchoices.ca regarding Canadian online choices.  
0 	 Notification Procedures    It is our policy to provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to you via email notice, written or hard copy notice or through conspicuous posting of such notice on the Website, as determined by Company in its sole discretion. We reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you, provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in this Privacy Policy.  
0 	 Changes to Our Privacy Policy    We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute acceptance of those changes. Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and law that applied at the time the information was collected.  
0 	 How to Contact the Company    If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of the Website or your dealings with the Website (including your choices regarding cookies), please contact us at legal@sheknows.com, or send mail to:    SheKnows, LLC    14614 N. Kierland Blvd, Suite S150   Scottsdale, AZ 85254   Attn: General Counsel  
0 	Privacy Policy   The Science Website is maintained by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS), 1200 New York Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20005.   AAAS is committed to protecting the privacy of our users. We strive to provide a safe, secure user experience. This Privacy Statement sets forth the online data collection and usage policies and practices that apply to the Science family of websites (also referred to as "Science Online " or the "Science websites"), currently including Science (online version), Science Classic, Science Express, Science NOW, SAGE KE, Science Signaling, Science Translational Medicine , and Science Careers. It also includes the order forms and member services accessible from those websites. Your data will be stored and processed in whole or in part in the United States. If you access the Science Website outside the United States, your usage of that site constitutes consent to the transfer of your data out of your country and to the United States. The Science Website contains links to other websites over which we have no control. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other websites to which you choose to link from the Science Website.  
1 	INFORMATION WE COLLECT   When you visit the Science Website there are two types of information you might provide to us: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose and website use information collected by us as you interact with our website.  
1 	In some areas of the Science Website, we request or may request that you provide personal information, including your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card number, contact information, billing information, and any other information from which your identity is discernible. In other areas, we collect or may collect demographic information such as your age, career focus and discipline, preferences, gender, educational degrees, ethnic background, interests, and household income range. Sometimes we collect or may collect a combination of the two types of information. Examples of areas on the Science Website where we collect or may collect personal or combined personal and demographic data are pages where you can sign up to use a service, post a resume, enter a contest, or purchase a product.  
1 	We also gather or may gather certain information about your use of our site, such as what areas you visit and what services you access. Moreover, there is information about your computer hardware and software that we collect or may collect. This information can include, without limitation, your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times, and referring website addresses.  
0 	Please remember that if you post any of your personal information in public and/or Social Network areas of the Science Website, such as in online forums or chat rooms, such information may be displayed to other users of these services and may be collected and used by others over whom we have no control. We are not responsible for the use made by third parties of information you post or otherwise make available in public areas of the Science Website. We retain indefinitely all the information we gather about you in an effort to make your repeat use of our website more efficient, practical, and relevant.  
1 	USE OF INFORMATION   The information collected may be used by AAAS for the purpose of operating and improving the Science Website, fostering a positive user experience, and delivering the products and services that we offer. We may also use the information we gather to inform you of other products or services available from the Science Website or to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered.  
1 	We may use your contact information in order to send you e-mail, postal mail, or other communications regarding updates at the Science Website, such as Job Alerts, newsletters, new opportunities, and additional listings which may be of interest to you. We may also use it to send you information about third-party products and services that match your interests and preferences, if you opt in for this communication. We do not release any of your contact information to third parties unless we have your permission. The nature and frequency of these messages will vary depending upon the information we have about you. In addition, at the time of registration for certain services, such as Science Careers Job Alerts, or free partial access to any of the Science websites, you have the option to elect to receive additional communications, information, newsletters, and promotions relating to topics that may be of special interest to you.  
0 	We may share information, such as your IP address, with third parties as might be required for technical purposes, such as facilitating user discovery and access via web search engines.  
0 	OPT-IN AND OPT-OUT CHOICES   The registration forms and other sections of the Science Website where we collect your information provide you with relevant opt-in and opt-out choices regarding promotional activity and other communications with you.  
0 	E-mail   AAAS members may opt in for third-party informational e-mails or opt out of all e-mail communication, with the exception of subscription renewal and association election information. Members can provide data privacy instructions at the members-only Website, MemberCentral.aaas.org. Select Member Services/Data Privacy. Or contact AAAS Member Services.  
0 	Paid subscribers to AAAS publications including Science , Science NOW, Science Signaling , and Science Translational Medicine may also opt in for third-party informational e-mails or opt out of all e-mail communication (with the exception of subscription renewal information) by contacting AAAS Member Services.  
0 	Users of free online services provided by AAASsuch as free partial access to Science , Science Signaling , or Science Translational Medicine , access to Science NOW or SAGE KE, e-mail alerting services or Science Careers servicesare agreeing that AAAS may contact them by e-mail in exchange for these free services. Users can also opt in for third-party informational e-mails. Users who do not wish to receive e-mail may cancel their online services by following the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of any e-mail message from AAAS.  
0 	Users who download a free sample issue of Science Digital are agreeing that they may receive occasional e-mail messages from AAAS in exchange for this free content. Users who do not wish to receive e-mail may follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of any e-mail message from AAAS.  
0 	Science Careers registrants can change their communication options by clicking on My Science Careers/My Account.   The above are examples of opt-in/opt-out options and are not intended to describe every option on the site.  
0 	Feedback   We have, or may have, an area where you can submit feedback. Any feedback you submit in this area becomes our property, and we may contact you for further information.  
0 	DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO OTHERS   We do not disclose to third parties your personal information, combined personal and demographic information, or information about your use of the Science Websites (such as the areas you visit or the services you access), except as set forth in the following four subparagraphs.   1. We may disclose such information to third parties if you consent to such disclosure. For example we may use data we have about you (such as the interests and preferences you have expressed) to determine whether you might be interested in the products or services of a particular third party.  
0 	2. We may disclose such information to companies and individuals we employ to perform functions on our behalf. Examples may include hosting our web servers, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These companies and individuals will have access to your personal information as necessary to perform their functions, but they may not share that information with any other third party.  
0 	3. We may disclose such information if legally required to do so, if requested to do so by a governmental entity, or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect the rights or property of AAAS; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public.  
0 	4. We may disclose and transfer such information to a third party who acquires all or a substantial portion of the Science business, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation, or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets. In addition, in the event any one or all of the Science websites become the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, the AAAS or its trustee in bankruptcy may sell, license, or otherwise dispose of such information in a transaction approved by the bankruptcy court. The AAAS may also share aggregated anonymous information about visitors to Science websites with its clients, partners, and other third parties so that they may understand the kinds of visitors to the Science websites and how those visitors use the site.  
0 	RESUMES   On Science Careers, we give you the option of putting your resume or CV (collectively referred to as "resume") in our database. There are two ways of doing this:   You can post your resume in our database as either a public or private resume. Public resumes can be searched by parties with access to our searchable resume database.  
0 	If you allow your resume to be searchable, then all parties with access to our searchable resume database (or copies thereof) will have access to your resume. We attempt to limit access to our searchable resume database (or copies thereof) only to paying employers, recruiters, hiring managers, headhunters, and human resource professionals as well as law enforcement and national security agencies, but cannot guarantee that other parties will not gain access to this database. We are not responsible for the use made of resumes by third parties who access such resumes while they are in our searchable database. You may remove your resume from our searchable database at any time. However, employers, recruiters, and others who have paid for access to that database or to obtain a copy of that database as well as parties who have otherwise gained access to the database may have retained a copy of your resume in their own files or databases. We are not responsible for the retention, use, or privacy of resumes in these instances.  
0 	Please Note: It is not our practice to restrict access to our resume database to any particular customer(s). Please be advised that your current employer or an entity affiliated with your current employer might be a customer of the Science Careers.org sites. We are not responsible for any actions or results that may occur as a result of any customer's access to and/or use of your resume.  
0 	We reserve the right to remove from our database any resumes we consider to be illegal or offensive.  
0 	ADDITIONAL TERMS AND RULES FOR SOCIAL NETWORKING   Social networking services provided on the Science Website (e.g. the Science Careers Community pages) may have additional terms of conduct, privacy policies, and privacy settings that you will be required to agree to and set when you register for such services.  
1 	USE OF COOKIES   We use "cookies" to help personalize and maximize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard drive by a web page server. Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to your computer, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize pages or register for services on any of the Science websites, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information (such as user name, password, and preferences). Because of our use of cookies, we can deliver faster and more accurate results and a more personalized site experience. When you return to the Science Website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the features that you customized. We also use cookies to track click streams and for load balancing.  
0 	You may have the ability to accept or decline all cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline all cookies if you prefer. Alternatively, you may be able to modify your browser setting to notify you each time a cookie is tendered and permit you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis. It is possible to sign in to any of the Science websites without accepting cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, however, that may hinder performance and negatively impact your experience at the Science Website.  
1 	USE OF WEB BEACONS   Our web pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel GIFs) that allow us to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. Web beacons are not used to access your personally identifiable information on the Science Website; they are a technique we use to compile aggregated statistics about our Website usage. Web beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides.  
0 	UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION   It is important to us that we have your correct contact information so that you don't miss out on further correspondence or experience problems with the delivery of publications and products.  
0 	Members can change their personal information or update their account information at any time by linking to http://aaasmember.org and selecting Member Services. Other registrants or users may also update their personal information at any time by sending e-mail to membership{at}aaas.org.  
0 	SECURITY   We implement reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, or disclosure. In addition, all credit transactions occur in a secure area of our site, to protect you from any loss, misuse, or alteration of information collected. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. When you place an order online at any of the Science websites, your credit card information is protected through the use of encryption utilizing Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol, the industry standard in transferring information to process your orders.  
0 	The SSL encrypts, or translates, your order information into a highly indecipherable code, which is processed immediately. When you've finished your transactions and begin the checkout process, you will move into the secure area of our site. A warning window may pop up to notify you that you are entering this "safe" area. Once you've entered, the page address (URL) will change from http to https, to let you know you are in a secure area. Also, a key or closed lock will appear in the lower left-hand corner of your screen to notify you of this change. You will remain in this secure zone for the entire checkout process. In addition, only the last four digits of your credit card number will be revealed on the screen when confirming an order. Of course, we securely transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card service company during order processing.  
0 	CHILDREN   The Science websites are not intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.  
0 	ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS   Your use of the Science Website shall indicate your understanding and acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree with all of the terms herein, you should not use the Science Website or services.  
0 	CHANGES TO PRIVACY STATEMENT   If we decide to change our Privacy Statement for the Science websites, we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and to whom we will disclose it. If at any time, you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement, please feel free to e-mail us at membership{at}aaas.org or call us at +1 202-326-6417 and speak to one of our representatives.  
0 	We welcome your comments concerning this Privacy Statement. If you believe that we have not adhered to this statement, please contact us by e-mailing us at membership{at}aaas.org. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem. Thank you for using the Science Website.  
0 	CONTACT INFORMATION   American Association for the Advancement of Science 1200 New York Ave NW Washington, DC 20005 Tel: 202-326-6417 E-mail: membership{at}aaas.org
0 	 Privacy     Revision Date: October 14, 2009    The Disinformation Company Ltd. (Disinformation) values the users of our website (the Website). Your privacy and trust are very important to us. We recognize that you may be concerned about our collection, use, and disclosure of the personally identifiable information (Personal Information) that we collect when you use the Website and the services offered on the Website (Disinformation Services). This Privacy Policy describes the information that we collect from you, how we collect this information, and what we do with it after we collect it. By using the Website you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us using our Contact Form.  
0 	 Does Disinformation Ever Make Changes to its Privacy Policy?    If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page. If you receive notification of a change in our Privacy Policy, you must review the new Privacy Policy carefully to make sure you understand our practices and procedures. You may not be able to receive notices from us if your cookies are not set to accept and/or are disabled.  
1 	 What Types of Information Does Disinformation Collect From Me?     Personal Information    We and/or our service provider partners may collect any Personal Information that you provide to us, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and credit card number, as well as the Internet protocol (IP) Address from which you post stories and/or comments to the Website.  
1 	 Non-Personal Information.    We do not currently collect non-personal information from you, such as your browser type, the URL of the previous website you visited, your ISP or operating system (Non-Personal Information). Non-Personal Information cannot be easily used to personally identify you.  
1 	 How and When Does Disinformation Collect This Information?     Providing Information to Us.    We collect Personal Information from you when you provide it to us. For example, if you purchase a product sold through our store, we or our store fulfillment partner may collect your name, mailing address, telephone number, credit card number, and email address. If you sign up to receive a newsletter or to contribute stories or comments to the Website, we will collect your email address and we register your Internet protocol (IP) Address.  
1 	 Communications With Us.    If you communicate with us regarding the Website or the Disinformation Services, we will collect any information that you provide to us in any such communication.  
1 	 Analytic and Reporting Technologies.    Like the operators of most websites, we use analytic and reporting technologies to record Non-Personal Information such as Internet domain and host names, Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser software, operating system types, clickstream patterns, and the dates and times that the Website and the Disinformation Services are accessed. To do this, we may use web beacons and cookies, including those from third parties.  
1 	 How Does Disinformation Use My Information?     Personal Information.    We use Personal Information primarily for our own internal purposes, such as providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving the Disinformation Services and the Website, fulfilling requests for information, producing and shipping the products that you order, and providing customer support. Similarly, if you sign up to receive a Disinformation newsletter, we will use the email address you provide to send you the newsletters.  
1 	 Non-Personal Information.    If at any time we collect it, we may use Non-Personal Information to track the use of the Website and the Disinformation Services and for other internal purposes, such as providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving the Disinformation Services and the Website.  
0 	 When Will Disinformation Disclose My Information to Third Parties?     Disclosure to Successors.    We may disclose your Personal Information to any successor-in-interest of ours, such as a company that acquires us. In the event Disinformation goes through a business transition, such as a merger or acquisition by or with another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Information will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified via email or by a notice on our Website of any such change in ownership or control of your Personal Information.  
0 	 Disclosure to Unaffiliated Third Parties.    We may disclose your Personal Information to prevent an emergency, to prevent harm to others, to respond to legal requirements, to protect or enforce our rights and policies, to protect or enforce the rights of a third party, or as required or permitted by law (including, without limitation, to comply with a subpoena or court order).  
0 	 Disclosure to Third Party Service Providers and Online Partners.    We may contract with various third parties who help us provide, maintain and improve the Website and the Disinformation Services. For example, we use a third party to operate and manage our online store, including the processing of payments and fulfillment of products, and we may subcontract out production, analytics, reporting or other operations. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent such third parties from disclosing your Personal Information, except for the purpose of providing the services in question. We cannot guarantee that such third parties will not disclose your Personal Information.  
0 	 Disclosure of Non-Personal Information.    We will disclose Non-Personal Information, in aggregate form, to potential strategic partners, advertisers, investors, customers, and others. You may not opt-out of the sharing of this information. However, it cannot be easily used to identify you personally.  
1 	 What About Cookies and Web Beacons?    A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. Most websites use cookies. We use cookies to track your use of the Website and the Disinformation Services, provide you with a more personalized user experience, and to allow you to login and begin use of the Disinformation Services automatically when you visit the Website.  
0 	A web beacon is an often-transparent graphic image, usually no larger than a 1_1 pixel that is placed on a web page or in an e-mail that is used to monitor the behavior of the user visiting the Website or receiving the e-mail.  
1 	Cookies and web beacons used by Disinformation and our online partners are not linked to Personal Information.  
0 	 Does Disinformation Protect My Personal Information?     Personal Information.    Whenever we obtain your Personal Information, we use commercially reasonable efforts to protect it from unauthorized access or disclosure. However, we are not insurers of the security of your Personal Information. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any disclosure of data due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third party access or other acts of third parties, or acts or omissions beyond our reasonable control.  
0 	 Website Content.    The content that you store, post, or transmit on or through the Website, such as message board postings, may be accessed by other users, including people that you do not know. We are not responsible for the actions of others. Therefore, you should use care in communicating with other users and only disclose your Personal Information to other users that you know to be trustworthy. You should not assume that your content will be kept private.  
0 	 Security.    The security of your Personal Information is important to us. Our policy is to require our third party service providers, such as the online store and personals providers, to encrypt sensitive information such as a credit card numbers using secure socket layer technology (SSL). However, we cannot guarantee compliance with this policy and no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.  
0 	 Does This Privacy Policy Apply When I Access Third Party Websites?    You may be able to access third party websites directly from the Website. This Privacy Policy does not apply when you access third party websites. We cannot control how third parties may use Personal Information you disclose to them, so you should carefully review the privacy policy of any third party website you visit before using it or disclosing your Personal Information to its provider.  
0 	 What About Childrens Privacy?     Under Thirteen.    The Disinformation Services are intended for users ages 13 and older only. Accordingly, we will not knowingly collect or use any Personal Information from children that we know to be under the age of 13. In addition, we will delete any information in our database that we know originates from a child under the age of 13.  
0 	 Thirteen to Seventeen.    Prospective users between the ages of 13 and 17 can only use the Disinformation Services under their parents or legal guardians supervision. If you are between the ages of 13 and 17, you, your parent, or your legal guardian may request that we deactivate any of your Personal Information in our database and/or opt-out from receiving communications from us. If you wish to do so, please contact us using our Contact Form.  
0 	 Can I Opt-Out From Receiving Communications From Disinformation?    We provide you the opportunity to opt-out of having your Personal Information used for certain purposes. For example, you can unsubscribe from any email newsletter list at any time by clicking on a link provided in all email newsletters sent to you. If you purchase a product in our store but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material, you can indicate your preference on our store partners order form.  
0 	If we disclose your Personal Information to a third party in a manner that is not set forth in this Privacy Policy you will be notified so that you can make an informed choice about sharing your Personal Information with that third party.  
0 	 How To Contact Us:    Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email using our Contact Form.   Written queries may be sent to:   The Disinformation Company Ltd.   111 East 14th Street, Suite 108   New York NY 10003  
0 	Privacy Policy   TED encourages our community to discover and share ideas with one another. While gathering information about the people who use the site is an important part of the TED.com experience, we take your privacy very seriously, and make every effort to safeguard your personal data. This privacy policy is intended to inform you of what information we collect, how this information is used, and what steps we take to protect this information. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy and protections, please contact us.  
1 	What information do we collect?   We collect two kinds of information: Personal information that you directly provide to us, which includes information you supply when you register an account with us.  Automatically collected, non-personal information, which includes tracking information gathered as you use TED.com. 
1 	We may use this information to help customize your TED.com experience based on your previous activities on TED.com.  
1 	Information you provide directly to us:   When you register an account on TED.com, we ask you to provide a unique email address, first and last name, and password. You have the option of also providing profile information (such as location, occupation and your personal story). You may also choose to directly send us information such as email correspondence or search queries.  
1 	You may choose to create a TED.com account using the Facebook Connect feature on TED.com. By doing this, you are asking Facebook to send us certain information from your Facebook profile, and you authorize us to collect, store and use in accordance with this privacy policy any and all information available to us through the Facebook interface.  
1 	Billing and credit card information:   When required for TED Conference registration or other services, we may request and store name, address, telephone number, email address and billing information. We do not store credit card numbers except for the last 4 digits. This information will only be shared with third parties who perform tasks required to complete the purchase transaction.  
0 	Comments, conversations and other public activities:   We offer you opportunities to engage in public activities on TED.com. "Public activities" are any actions you take that are designed to be visible to other users, including comments, conversations, recommendations and ratings. If you choose to engage in public activities, you should be aware that any personal information you submit there can be read, collected or used by other users of these areas, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages.  
0 	We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums, and we have no responsibility to publish, remove or edit any of your comments, conversations or other content. For more information, see the TED.com Terms of Use.  
0 	When you share or recommend any TED.com content using your Facebook profile, your action is governed by Facebook's privacy policy. Likewise, when you share or recommend any TED.com content through other social media outlets, your actions are governed by their privacy policies.  
1 	Information gathered automatically:   We use various technologies to manage TED.com and track use of the content we provide, including: the IP address used when registering and submitting content to the site  standard web analytics information  aggregated data about email click-through rates and video viewing  information collected through HTML cookies, Flash cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies.   
0 	Non-personal information that we collect using these technologies may be combined with information you provide directly to us.  
1 	Device information:   We may collect non-personal information about the computer, mobile device or other device you use to access TED services, such as IP address, geolocation information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language and other transactional information.  
1 	This information may be used to offer you optimized TED.com experiences based on your device or location.  
1 	How we use the information we gather:   Providing requested services:   We may use the information that we collect to fulfill your requests for services and information. For example, we may use your contact information to respond to your customer service requests, or to enable registration for one of our conferences.  
1 	E-mail and newsletters:   If you signed up for one of our email newsletters, we will send you the newsletter that you requested. We may also use the information that we collect to send you other e-mail communications, such as information about your account, changes to the site, or information about our conferences and events (if you have opted in for this information.)  
1 	Statistical analysis:   We perform statistical analyses of users of the site, and their viewing and participation patterns, for product development purposes and to generally inform advertisers about the nature of our audience. Please note that we do not share contact information with our advertisers.  
0 	Third parties:   We may employ third parties to perform site-related services, including database management, maintenance services, analytics, marketing, billing and email distribution. These third parties have access to your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf.  
1 	Enforcement:   We may use the information that we collect to prevent illegal activities, to enforce the TED.com Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law.  
1 	In addition to the uses identified above, we may use the information that we collect for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.  
0 	Please note that third parties may independently collect data about you, including your IP address and information about the websites you visit and the links you click, through cookies, clicks on links, or other means when you visit or view ads on the site. We do not control the privacy practices of these third-party services.  
0 	Protection of your information:   To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls to protect your information. Please note that no method of transmission over the internet is 100% secure.  
0 	Children under the age of 13:  
0 	We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent, we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible. If you believe that we may have collected information from a child under 13, please contact us.  
0 	Changes to this privacy policy:   This privacy policy may be amended from time to time. Any such changes will be posted on this page. We will notify you of any significant or material changes in the way we treat your information by placing a prominent notice on our site or sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account.  
0 	Deleting your account:   You can request that your account be deleted at any time by contacting us. When your account is deleted, your user profile and all public activities (comments, conversation topics) will be removed. To unsubscribe from our newsletters, click on the link at the bottom of a newsletter you have received, or you can manage your subscriptions from your TED.com profile.
0 	Privacy Policy   NaturalNews.com never rents or sells emails to third parties. We honor the privacy of our members and users, and unlike some other social networking sites, we DO NOT share user details with advertisers.  
0 	NaturalNews.com honors all email unsubscribe requests and makes every attempt to honor the privacy of its members, viewers and sponsors.  
0 	Postmaster Webseed 6336 N. Oracle Rd. 325-315 Tucson, AZ 85704 reply@naturalnews.com  
0 	To opt-out of NaturalNews emails, simply click the "unsubscribe" link found at the bottom of any email from NaturalNews.  
0 	If you experience any difficulty unsubscribing, simply forward this entire email to reply@naturalnews.com and you will be automatically unsubscribed.  
0 	UpToDate online privacy policy   UpToDate, Inc. is very sensitive to the privacy needs of its website visitors and subscribers and is wholly committed to maintaining privacy at the highest level. UpToDate does not sell or otherwise share subscribers' or website visitors' personal information with anyone.  
0 	To better understand UpToDate's online privacy policies, please read the following Privacy Policy.  
1 	Subscriber Information   UpToDate never automatically collects any information that specifically identifies you such as your name, address, or e-mail address. This information is collected only when you voluntarily provide it as part of the subscription process ("Subscriber Information"). We will ask you whenever we need Subscriber Information that identifies you or allows us to contact you.  
0 	Consent and Security   It is your choice whether or not you provide your Subscriber Information to UpToDate, but Subscriber Information is required for UpToDate to provide you with services (for example, access to UpToDate under a subscription agreement).  
1 	Use of Subscriber Information   Your Subscriber Information may be used internally within UpToDate. For example, UpToDate may use your Subscriber Information internally to provide subscription services to you and process your transactions, to contact you for customer service and billing purposes, to communicate to you about your subscription or changes to our service, to understand who uses the Website and to improve the Website. In addition, UpToDate reserves the right to disclose your Subscriber Information under limited circumstances in the event UpToDate believes that the Website is being used to commit unlawful acts, and/or if disclosure of your Subscriber Information is required to comply with applicable laws or regulations, or with a court or administrative order.  
0 	Usage Information   Non-personally identifying information ("Usage Information") comprises information that does not identify any particular user. Examples include: information about which of UpToDate's pages are visited on an aggregate level, browser type, operating system type, or IP address.  
0 	Use of Usage Information   Your Usage Information may be disclosed internally within UpToDate and to third parties. For example, UpToDate may disclose Usage Information in order to better understand which parts of the Website users are visiting, to improve the content of the Website, and for marketing, advertising, or research purposes. (Institutional licensees should refer to their subscription and license agreement).  
1 	Cookies   The UpToDate Website may place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer. Cookies can be used to provide you with tailored information from the Website. The cookie itself does not contain Subscriber Information. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it.  
0 	Effective Date   This Privacy Policy is effective as of October 27, 2007 and will remain in effect unless changed. UpToDate may modify this Privacy Policy at any time, and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting of the modified Privacy Policy on the Website.  
0 	Contacting the Website   If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Website, or your dealings with this Website, please contact info@uptodate.com.
0 	Privacy Policy   This is the web site of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. The Bank respects your privacy.  
0 	Personal Information   You may access and browse our site without disclosing your personal data. The personal information you choose to provide us is voluntary. We do not require you to provide any information about yourself that you do not wish to share.  
1 	You may choose to provide us with personal information if, for example, you subscribe to our publications or mail lists, send us questions through e-mail, answer our user surveys, register for an event or user account, apply for a job or participate in our online activities.  
1 	If you participate in a user survey, your answers and personal information will only be analyzed in aggregate. The information will be used to help us tailor our web site, publications, and services to our users' needs and to help us understand our audience.  
1 	If you provide us with your postal or e-mail address or telephone number, this information will only be used for the purpose for which you provided it, such as to:   Provide you with the publications or information requested;     Clarify your order or request;     Register you for a user account, conference or other event;     Respond to you regarding your job application;     Provide you with related information; or     Send you a token of appreciation through postal mail if you participate in selected online activities.    
0 	We may also file your comments to improve the site, or review and discard the information.  
0 	When you fill out our online forms, they are returned to us via electronic mail. Your responses are not encrypted. We cannot guarantee the security of information sent via electronic mail.  
1 	Cookies   A cookie is a text file that a web site can send to your browser and which may then be placed on your computer. We may use cookies on this site in the following ways:  
1 	To collect statistical information about our users in aggregate. We perform analyses on our web server's log files to identify, among other things:   Our site's most popular pages;     The browsers and operating systems most often used by our visitors;     The sites and search engines that have referred visitors to our site; and     The domains from which our users visit us.  
1 	This analysis does not involve personally identifiable information. It is used only for the purpose of helping us understand and better meet our audience's needs.  
1 	A transient, memory-resident "cookie" may be invoked in certain cases. For example, on the CASSIDI site a cookie is required to remember your selections as you move from page to page and enable CASSIDI's functionality. If you register for a Research user account, a cookie will be invoked when you login to your user account. These cookies will disappear when your browser is closed. If you check the 'Stay logged in' option, the cookie will persist for a maximum of 2 weeks before another login is required. You are not required to register for a user account to use this site.  
0 	Sometimes a third-party contractor will use cookies on one of the sites they create and manage for us -- for example, our Job Opportunities site.  
0 	Some aggregate web site analysis is performed for us by Google Analytics (http://www.google.com/analytics/), and may involve the use of cookies set by Google. For Google's Privacy policy, see http://www.google.com/privacy.html.  
0 	Our RSS feeds are routed via FeedBurner, which is owned by Google. For Google's Privacy policy, see http://www.google.com/privacy.html.
0 	You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether to accept it or not. You can also set your browser to not accept cookies at all. If you do so, however, some areas of some sites (including ours) may not operate properly.  
1 	Disclosure of Information   Any information collected on this web site, whether individual or aggregate, is for Federal Reserve use only. We do not rent, sell or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except under any of the following circumstances:  
0 	When we have your permission;  
1 	The Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis monitors this site for unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, to defeat or circumvent security measures, or to utilize this site for other than its intended purposes. By using this site you expressly consent to such monitoring and you are advised that if such monitoring reveals possible evidence of criminal activity, we will provide the evidence of such monitoring to law enforcement officials;  
0 	We retain the services of outside contractors to provide services, including mailing list administration and our Job Opportunities pages. We require that these contractors keep information obtained through our web site secure and confidential. We also require that these contractors use personal information obtained through our web site only on behalf of the Federal Reserve.  
0 	We may be required to disclose your personal information to government officials or otherwise as required by subpoenas, court orders, legal process or other legal obligations and to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We will share information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or as otherwise required by law.  
0 	If you are a member of the FRED Network and select the option to allow your profile to be viewable by the public. By default this option is not selected, and your profile is not viewable by the public.  
1 	Submitting Content   "Content" is any material, including but not limited to writings, artwork, photographs, designs, plans, information, suggestions, ideas, data, questions or comments, submitted by you to the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis through this site.  
0 	The Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis is under no obligation to use any Content submitted.  
0 	You may not submit Content that violates or infringes the rights of others including, without limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity or other proprietary rights.  
0 	You may not submit Content that is:   pornographic, obscene, X-rated or sexually explicit,     defamatory     racist, sexist or otherwise discriminatory or derogatory to any individual or groups     harassing or threatening     fraudulent, or     in violation of U.S. or state laws or regulations or Bank or System policy.  
0 	Any Content you submit will be considered to be non-proprietary and non-confidential.  
1 	The Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis will have no obligations of any kind with respect to any Content you submit and users of the site will be free to edit, reproduce, use, disclose, publish and/or distribute any Content for any purpose whatsoever, without limitation.  
1 	You also agree that The Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis will be free to use any ideas, concepts, artwork, inventions, developments, suggestions or techniques embodied in the Content for any purpose whatsoever, with or without attribution, and without compensation to you.  
0 	Children   Our site is not directed toward children under 13. Nonetheless, we are committed to comply with applicable laws and requirements, such as the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under 13. Minor children should always obtain parental consent before releasing personal information to any web site.  
0 	Information Security and Quality   We have implemented security measures consistent with our internal information security practices to help us keep your information secure. These measures include technical and procedural steps to protect your data from misuse, access or disclosure, loss, alteration or destruction.  
0 	If you have voluntarily submitted personal information to us and wish to review, update, correct or delete it, please email your request to webmaster@research.stlouisfed.org  
0 	Contact Information   Questions or comments about the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis's privacy policy may be directed to our web site administrators at webmaster@research.stlouisfed.org or by writing to Public Affairs, the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, P.O. Box 442, St. Louis, MO 63166-0442.
0 	Privacy Policy  
0 	PBS is committed to protecting the private information of our web site visitors. From the pbs.org homepage to more than 150,000 pages of content produced by our affiliates, the "pbs.org" domain remains a safe haven. The PBS.org web site adheres to a strict policy for ensuring the privacy of personally identifiable information and preserving the integrity of this online medium. Here we explain the type of information collected from PBS.org, how that information may be used, how you can access or modify that information, and how that information is protected.  
0 	I. WHICH SITES ARE COVERED BY THIS POLICY-   This Privacy Policy applies to PBS.org ("Site"). Please note that our Site may contain links to sponsor organizations and PBS Member Stations. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those web sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any organization before submitting your personal information to them.  
1 	II. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE GATHER-   PBS collects two types of information from visitors to the Site: (A) Personally Identifiable Information, and (B) Non-personally Identifiable Information (information such as IP Addresses and cookies, which allow for a better use of the Site). Uses of this information are discussed in Section III.  
1 	A. Personally Identifiable Information   PBS will not collect personally identifiable information from you, other than what you supply to us on a voluntary basis upon request. Personally identifiable information includes, but is not limited to, name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, and credit card information.  
0 	Registration for our website :   Our Site may at times require a free registration, which enables full access to the information and resources offered on our Site. A unique email address must be supplied to register.  
1 	Paid Products and Services :   While the majority of our Site is free, we may charge fees for select products and services. To enable the purchase of these and other products, we collect your telephone number, e-mail address, billing address and credit card information.  
1 	Support of Member Stations and other public broadcasting entities :   On certain pages within the Site, PBS may offer visitors the opportunity to make a donation in support of public broadcasting entities, programs and series, or to order products, subscriptions or other services offered by PBS Member Stations. If a visitor chooses to make a donation or order such other products or services, PBS will collect and store your telephone number, e-mail address, billing address and credit card information.  
1 	Forums, Feedback and Content Submissions :   On some pages of the Site, you can submit content to be published, make community postings, comments, suggestions, and vote. We may collect name, address, and e-mail addresses in connection with these activities.  
0 	Your submission of others' Personally Identifiable Information :   On some pages of the Site, you can submit information about other people. For example, you may submit a person's name and email address to send an article. Additionally, you may purchase a gift online and submit the person's name, address and telephone number for delivery. This information will only be used for the stated purpose.  
1 	Contests, Sweepstakes and Special Offers :   On occasion, we may collect personal information from users in connection with optional (i.e., you opt-in to participate in these offers) sweepstakes, contests or special offers. Such information will be used as indicated at the time of collection.  
1 	Listservs and E-mail Newsletters:   On occasion, we may collect personal information from users in connection with optional (i.e. you opt-in to subscribe to these services) listservs and e-mail newsletters. Such information will be used as indicated at the time of collection.  
1 	 B. Non-personally Identifiable Information    In addition to information that you provide to us, we may also collect and store certain non-personally identifiable information automatically when using the Site. This information helps us improve the experience you and other visitors have with the Site.  
1 	For example, we may collect your IP address, browser information and reference site domain, as well as related information such as the date on which you visit the Site. This information does not identify you personally and is only used in the aggregate.  
1 	As is common practice among web sites, we use "cookies" and similar technologies. Cookies are text files which store your preferences. No personal information is ever stored in a PBS cookie, even if you have entered your name or email address on other parts of the Site.  
0 	You can generally prevent cookies from being used by changing the settings in your web browser, but please be aware that by doing so you may be unable to fully utilize the Site.  
0 	III. HOW DO WE USE INFORMATION GATHERED ON THE SITE-   Except as expressly set forth in our policies, we will not willfully disclose your personally identifiable information to any third party without first receiving your permission. We will never sell, rent, or swap your personally identifiable information with non-affiliated third parties for their own purposes.  
1 	In terms of our own use of information, we may use your personally identifiable information for the activities described in the previous sections, and for internal purposes and marketing, promotional and fundraising purposes in support of public broadcasting.  
0 	We will typically explain the extent of use at the time you are asked to provide personal information. If you do not want this information to be collected or used by us for these purposes, you can simply "opt out." Under certain circumstances, opting out may prevent your participation in activities for which personal information is needed, as in contests.  
0 	In certain cases, we contract with other companies to provide services on our behalf. These service providers may maintain customer databases which may hold Site users' e-mail addresses, including:   viewers, listeners and members;  Site visitors who have provided them to PBS by registering at our Site or signing up for a newsletter or listserv;  audience members who e-mail questions about membership or programs;  donors who submit online contributions; or  online buyers who make a purchase. 
1 	We (which includes our service providers) will use these addresses to respond to the general purposes for which we collected the information, to provide services and to operate the Site, including to respond to inquiries, to process credit card payments and billing, shipping, e-mail distribution, list processing and analysis, promotions management, to send information about PBS programs, Site, services, membership or to correspond about a purchase or product offers. For example, shoppbs.org uses a third party fulfillment agent to manage orders, credit card processing, order fulfillment and shipping, and related tasks.  
0 	Our service providers have access to your personally identifiable information as necessary to provide certain services on our behalf. They are required to maintain the privacy of all such information in their possession or control and can only use the information on our behalf for the purpose that we have contracted them, for example processing your order or sending you a series newsletter. They are not authorized to use your information for any other purpose.  
0 	Similarly, personally identifiable information provided in connection with a donation intended for a program, series or Member Station, or for purposes of ordering products, subscriptions or other services offered by the PBS Member Stations, will be shared by PBS or by such PBS Member Stations with third parties who perform services to process the donation or the applicable order. Also, in transmitting your donation or order to the local Member Station PBS may share your personally identifiable information with the Member Station for order or donation processing.  
0 	At times, we make customer mailing lists available to carefully screened companies whose products or services might interest individuals who have shopped on the Site.  If you prefer that we not share your information in this way, please contact us.   
0 	We, or our service providers, may release personal identification information if we believe in good faith that the law or legal process requires it, we have received a valid administrative request from a law enforcement agency, or such release is necessary to protect anyone's rights, property or safety.  
0 	On certain pages, we offer visitors the opportunity to provide comments or other user-generated content on blogs and articles. Any information that you disclose when posting a message to these areas, along with the screen name or ID used, becomes public. In addition, the information that you disclose in these areas may be used by us for promotional and marketing purposes. We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to disclose in these public areas.  
0 	We reserve the right to send you e-mail relating to your account status. This includes order confirmations, renewal/expiration notices, notices of credit card problems, other transactional e-mails and notifications about major changes to our Site. If you have registered for online discussions or other services, you may receive e-mail specific to your participation in those activities.  
0 	We offer several e-mail newsletters and listservs. If you no longer wish to receive a specific newsletter, you may opt out by following the "unsubscribe" instructions located near the bottom of each newsletter.  
1 	We use non-personally identifiable information, such as IP addresses or demographic information (zip codes for example) to tailor our Site to the interests/locations of our users and to measure traffic within our Site.  
1 	PBS uses the content from the cookies to deliver relevant local resources, remember browser preferences, and improve our visitors' experiences on the Site. PBS does not sell information collected by cookies nor use the information for commerce-related purposes. In addition, PBS will not filter content based on your preferences without permission.  
1 	PBS uses cookies at the following times:   A cookie may automatically localize pbs.org to the PBS station nearest you. You can choose to have your computer remember a different station or no station at all at any time.  If you watch a video clip or listen to an audio clip on pbs.org, a cookie may remember which media player and type of clip you prefer to use on your computer. You can change your video and audio preferences at any time, or choose a player each time you view of listen to a clip.  A cookie will tell us which pages you visit and the amount of time between each page visit. The cookie does not remember any information about you or your computer; it just helps us at PBS monitor Site usage and traffic; for example, it allows us to measure the number of repeat visitors to pbs.org in a given month. This data is only used in the aggregate. 
1 	Additionally, cookies may be used on pay sites to (1) identify the terms of any special offers you may have obtained, such as price discount or free trial period AND/OR (2) automatically sign you in so that you do not have to enter a username and password each time you visit.  
0 	IV. HOW CAN I ACCESS OR CORRECT INFORMATION-   Access to personally identifiable information that is collected from our Site may be accessible for a limited period of time from the point of collection, such as where a user provides an e-mail address in order to receive an e-mail newsletter or a reminder about an upcoming program or event. In other cases, personally identifiable information may be maintained, edited and deleted at the user's discretion at any time after the information has been submitted to PBS. For example, if you created a password-protected account within our Site, you may be able to access that account to review the information you provided and make corrections and updates as necessary. However this feature is not available throughout our Site where the user is not asked to create an account. Therefore, if at any time, you prefer not to receive e-mail from a service that you subscribed to without creating a personal account, simply get out by following the unsubscribe options at the bottom of each e-mail.  
0 	You may also send an e-mail or letter to the following e-mail or street address requesting access to or correction of your personally identifiable information. For verification purposes please include your first name, last name, e-mail address and the password you use for said service.     2100 Crystal Drive   Arlington, VA 22202   Email us by completing our feedback form   www.pbs.org  
0 	V. HOW IS MY INFORMATION PROTECTED-   PBS is committed to ensuring the security of the data provided to us by Site users. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to protect the information we collect online.  
0 	VI. DO YOU HAVE ADDITIONAL CHILDREN'S GUIDELINES-   PBS.org is a general audience Site and does not knowingly collect or store personally identifiable information about children under the age of 13.  
0 	Any of our sites that are directed to children under the age of 13 (e.g., PBSKids site) comply with COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act) standards, which are in addition to PBS.org policies. For complete guidelines on children's information collection, please visit the PBS KIDS PRIVACY POLICY.  
0 	VII. ACCEPTANCE OF PBS.ORG PRIVACY POLICY TERMS AND CONDITIONS   By using this Site, you signify your agreement to the terms and condition of this pbs.org Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions, please do not use the Site. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of pbs.org following the posting of any changes to these terms shall signify your acceptance of those changes. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us.  
0 	VIII. TERMS OF USE   Please also make sure to read pbs.org's TERMS OF USE to understand the additional terms and conditions which apply to your use of our Site.  
0 	The Privacy Policy posted on this Site was updated on or about May 11, 2009.
0 	Internet Brands Privacy Highlights  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  Privacy Contact 
0 	Privacy Policy   Internet Brands, Inc. and its subsidiaries and corporate affiliates (collectively, "Internet Brands," "our," "us," or "we") operate websites, provide products and services through mobile and other applications, and develop software. We refer to these as "site(s)," "service(s)," or "our sites and services."  
0 	This privacy policy applies to our sites and services on which we display or post a direct link to this privacy policy. This privacy policy does not apply to those sites and services that do not display or link to this privacy policy, or that have their own privacy policies. However, we often acquire new companies to expand our business. Some acquired companies may operate under their own privacy policies until we integrate their privacy practices with ours.  
0 	This privacy policy covers what information we collect and why we collect it, how we use the information we collect, and the choices you have to access and update that information. Please familiarize yourself with our practices and let us know if you have any questions. By using our sites and services, you expressly consent to our collection, use, disclosure, and retention of your personal information as described in this privacy policy. If you do not agree to this privacy policy, please do not use our sites or services.  
1 	 Personal Information We Collect    Personal information is information that can be used to identify, locate, or contact an individual, and includes other information that may be associated with personal information. When you interact with our sites and services, depending on the site or service, we may ask for the following personal information directly from you:  
1 	Contact Information allows us to communicate with you and generally includes your name, addresses, email addresses, social media website user account names, and/or telephone numbers. 
1 	Payment Information needed to process payments such as your credit or debit card number, expiration date, and card verification number. 
1 	Personal Profile or Service Information helps us with the administration and personalization of your personal profiles or services, such as areas of interest, information from social media interactions (such as Facebook, Twitter, or Google+), preferences, physical characteristics (such as height, weight), photographs and, biographical, health information and/or demographic information (such as gender). 
1 	Transaction Information about how you interact with and use our sites and services, email, other communications, and applications; and how you interact with merchants, business partners, and service providers. 
1 	Geographic Location Information but only if your mobile or other device transmits location data and/or your IP address, and you have activated a location-enabled site or service. 
1 	Job-Search-Related Information for recruitment purposes and may include educational and employment background, driver's license number and social security number. 
1 	Survey Data for functionality of certain services, which generally includes survey data (questions and responses) and may allow you to import email addresses and names for ease of allowing you to send surveys or to allow us to send surveys on your behalf. 
1 	Medical Information for functionality of certain services to connect you with your healthcare provider, and may include your medical history, present symptoms, future conditions or treatments, insurance carrier and plan, and any other medical and health information you or your healthcare provider choose to share with us. 
1 	Appointment Information to schedule an appointment or consultation using one of our online appointment or consultation services and includes the requested appointment information, which may be linked with health or legal related information that you choose to share with us. 
0 	Access to Your Data if you are our customer and use certain services. interactive tools or authorize us to retrieve information from another database, user, or other third party on your behalf, such as integrating a practice management system with your services, then you may elect to download certain installed tools, which may collect and transmit information from your computer system solely relating to the use of the installed tools and for the purpose of providing you with relevant services. 
1 	Your Submissions help us with administration of our sites and services and includes any information you voluntarily provide, generally through free form text boxes, forums, uploading a document or authorizing us to retrieve and import information from another user or third party on your behalf. 
1 	In each of the above instances, you will know what personal information we collect through our sites and services because you voluntarily and directly provide it.  
0 	 How We Use Personal Information    We may use information collected from you in one or more of the following ways:  
1 	to enable site features such as geographically specific pricing or logging, and retrieving and providing analysis of data you choose to enter into the site, 
1 	to send you important notices, such as communications about changes to your account, and our sites. and services' terms, conditions, or policies, 
1 	to solicit input and feedback to improve our sites and services and customize your user experience, 
1 	to enable you to communicate with other site or service users via private messaging or other service specific communication channels, 
1 	to contact you via email, telephone, text or chat in a manner required by law, 
1 	to meet contractual obligations, 
1 	to send you reminders, technical notices, updates, security alerts, support and administrative messages, and service bulletins, 
1 	to inform you about new products or promotional offers, or other opportunities which we feel will be of interest to you, and to provide advertisements to you through our sites, email messages, text messages, applications, or other methods of communication, 
1 	to manage our sites. and services' administration, forum management, or fulfillment, 
1 	to provide customer service and technical support, 
1 	to administer surveys, sweepstakes, giveaways, contests, or similar promotions or events sponsored by us or our partners, 
1 	to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities, enforce our sites' terms of use or to comply with applicable law, 
1 	for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to improve our products, services, and communications, 
1 	to allow you to apply for a job or sign up for special offers from third parties through our sites, 
1 	to help you contact or schedule an appointment with a healthcare provider or legal professional listed in one of our directories and remind you of upcoming or follow-up appointments, 
1 	to perform services in conjunction with interactive tools, such as integrating practice management systems, making a referral, sending a prescription to a pharmacy, or sending a test to a clinical laboratory, and 
1 	to use anonymized personal information to run (or authorize third parties to run) statistical research on individual or aggregate trends. 
1 	In addition to the uses described above, we may use personal information that we collect for other purposes that are disclosed to you at the time we collect the information, or with your consent.  
0 	 Sharing Personal Information    We may share personal information about you with third parties in the following circumstances:  
0 	We may engage third parties to perform services on our behalf, including maintenance services, hosting, data storage, security, analytics and data analysis, payment processing, assisting in marketing efforts, email and text message distribution, customer service, providing certain interactive tools, and conducting surveys and sweepstakes. 
0 	We may share your contact data, insurance data, and medical data with healthcare providers you choose to schedule through the services. 
0 	Your personal information, and the contents of all of your online communications on or through our sites and services may be accessed and monitored as necessary to operate our sites and perform our services, and may be disclosed: 
0 	to satisfy any applicable laws or regulations, 
0 	to defend ourselves in litigation or a regulatory action, 
0 	in order to protect the rights or property of Internet Brands and our subsidiaries and corporate affiliates, including to enforce our sites. or services' terms of use, 
0 	when we have a good faith belief that we are required to disclose the information in response to legal process (for example, a subpoena, court order, or search warrant), 
0 	where we believe our sites and services are being used in the commission of a crime, including to report such criminal activity or to exchange information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and risk management, and 
0 	when we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency that poses a threat to the health and/or safety of you, another person, or the public generally. 
0 	In the event of a merger, acquisition, debt financing, restructure, sale of Internet Brands' assets by or with another company, or a similar corporate transaction takes place, we may need to disclose and transfer all information about you, including personal information, to the successor company. 
0 	We may share information about you with Internet Brands' subsidiaries and affiliates. 
0 	Some of our services are co-branded by Internet Brands and other companies with which we partner. If you register to or use such a service, both our privacy policy and the partner's privacy policy may be displayed and apply. If that is the case, both Internet Brands and the partner will receive personal information you provide. 
0 	We may share personal information about you for any other purpose(s) disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or with your consent. 
1 	 Other Information We Automatically Collect and Cookies    We may also collect certain technical information when you use our sites and services. For example, our servers receive and automatically collect information about your computer and browser, including, for instance, your IP address, browser type, domain name from which you accessed the site or service, and other software or hardware information. If you access our sites and services from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device (UDID), type of device, general GPS location, or other transactional information for that device in order to serve content to it.  
1 	In addition, we may collect information about how you use our sites such as the date and time you visit the sites, the areas or pages of the sites that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing the sites, the number of times you return to the sites, visits to sites outside our network, and other click-stream data. Some of this data may be shared with partners who referred you to our site(s) and who will use the data to optimize who else they refer to our site(s). Sometimes this data can be shared with partners who help us deliver ads to you on websites not controlled by us, for instance, when we put a pixel on a conversion page on our site and a marketing partner uses that to optimize what traffic they send to us, or using another example, when we create a re-targeting list through DFP Small Business by Google or placing a partners. pixel on our sites, and then delivering targeted ads across the Internet.  
1 	 Cookies    We use use cookies and other tracking technologies (including browser cookies, pixels, beacons, mobile application identifiers, and Adobe Flash technology) to help us recognize you across different sites and services, improve your experience, increase security, measure use and effectiveness of our services, and serve advertising. You can control cookies through your browser settings and other tools. For more, information, please read our Cookie Policy. By visiting our sites and services, you consent to the placement of cookies and beacons in your browser and HTML-based emails in accordance with this privacy policy and our Cookie Policy.  
0 	 Do Not Track    We do not currently actively respond to "Do Not Track" browser signals or mechanisms that indicate a request to disable online tracking of individual users who use our sites and services.  
0 	 User Generated Content, Online Communities and Forums, Profiles and Reviews    You may choose to publicly disclose personal information about yourself and others in the course of (i) contributing user generated content (for instance articles, blogs, surveys, reviews, ratings, or podcasts), (ii) communicating with others in our online forums, communities, or chat rooms, (iii) creating user profiles for public view, or (iv) posting images, photos, or videos. Be aware, information that you voluntarily disclose in any of these areas of our sites or services is unencrypted, public information and, therefore, there can be no expectation of privacy or confidentiality, except if the terms and conditions of the site or service specifically limit use of the content (for example, we may let you know how such survey and rating responses will be used and if anonymity is an option).  
0 	Any personal information you submit in the course of interacting in these public activities can be read, collected, or used by other users. Prior to posting in these areas, we encourage you to read the specific site's or service's terms of use, as we are not responsible for the personal information you choose to make public in any of these areas and strongly recommend against sharing any personal health or other sensitive information that could directly or indirectly be traced to any individual, including yourself.  
0 	 Accessing and Updating Personal Information    We encourage you to keep your personal information updated and accurate. We provide you reasonable access to your personal information and the ability to review, correct, or delete it. For instance, some of our sites and services give you the ability to view and/or edit your personal information online. The methods for accessing your personal information will depend on which sites or services you use and their features. You have several choices; for instance:  
0 	To view and change the personal information that you directly provided to us, you can return to the web page on our site where you originally submitted the data and follow the instructions on that web page. 
0 	You may correct or update your account information at any time by logging on the site onto which you are registered and navigating to your account. 
0 	You may deactivate your profile at any time by visiting the preferences page for your profile. 
0 	You may close your account at any time by logging onto the site on which you are registered and navigating to your account. 
0 	You can manage certain aspects of information collection and use by going to the settings of your mobile device and reviewing the permissions of each application. You may stop further use of your geo-location by visiting your device's settings for the relevant application. 
0 	You may change your email preferences at any time by visiting your email preferences page for the relevant site. 
0 	To access, change, or remove your protected health information, please see the HIPAA section below. 
0 	If you have additional questions about your options, contact us. 
0 	Protecting your privacy and security is important and we also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to your data.  
0 	Please be aware that certain records and information will be retained for specific purposes such as legal, payment, accounting, technical, dispute resolution, enforcement of our sites. and services' terms of use, or customer service. If you have posted comments or user generated content on our site, we may not be able to delete it. Further, we take no responsibility for removing or editing any of your public activities or any submissions or content that is a result of your public activities, except as provided in this privacy policy or the sites. or services' terms of use.  
0 	We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), risk the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes).  
0 	We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable law.  
0 	 Email and Other Communications    Our sites and services may allow us or other users to communicate with you or other users through our in-product instant messaging services, service-branded emails, SMS and other electronic communication channels.  
0 	 Opting Out of Requested Communications    Requested communications include, for instance, email newsletters or software updates that may be expressly requested by you or which you consented to receive. After you request such communications, you may "opt out" of receiving them by using one of the following methods:   Select the email "opt out" or "unsubscribe" link, or follow the opt-out instructions included in each email communication.  To unsubscribe from text messages delivered to mobile devices, reply to the message with the words "STOP" or "END."  Return to the web page(s) where you originally registered your preferences and follow the opt-out instructions.  Contact us. Please provide your name, contact information, and specific relevant information that you no longer wish to receive. 
0 	Opting Out of Transactional or Relationship Communications   Communications that are sent by or on behalf of a user are indicated as being "From" that user. Communications that are sent by us are indicated as being from us or one of our account or support specialists assigned to assist you. Either type of communication may be "real time" communications or communications triggered automatically upon the occurrence of certain events or dates, such as appointment reminders. Email communications received from users and our administrative announcements are often transactional or relationship messages, such as appointment requests, reminders and cancellations. You may not be able to opt out of receiving certain messages although our services may provide a means to modify the frequency of receiving them.  
0 	Opting Out of General or Promotional Communications   General communications provide information about products, services, and/or support and may include special offers, new product information, or invitations to participate in market research. You may opt out of receiving these general communications by using one of the following methods:   Select the email "opt out" or "unsubscribe" link, or follow the opt-out instructions included in each email communication.  To unsubscribe from text messages delivered to mobile devices, reply to the message with the words "STOP" or "END."  Contact us. Please provide your name, relevant contact information, and specific relevant information about your privacy preferences. 
0 	 Protecting Personal and Protected Health Information    The security of our sites and services and the information they store, process and transmit is a top priority. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of the information we collect, we deploy a wide range of technical, physical and administrative safeguards, including: Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption, firewalls, system alerts and other information system security technologies; housing health data in secure facilities that restrict physical and network access; and regular evaluation and enhancement of our information technology systems, facilities, and information collection, storage and processing practices. Under applicable law, we are required to apply reasonable and appropriate measures to safeguard the confidentiality, integrity and availability of individually identifiable health information (as such term is defined by HIPAA) residing on and processed by our sites and services.  
0 	We use third-party service providers to manage credit card and payment processing. These service providers are not permitted to store, retain, or use billing Information except for the sole purpose of credit card and payment processing on our behalf. When you enter payment information we encrypt the transmission of that information using SSL technology and do not store it on our systems.  
0 	It is important to remember, however, that no system can guarantee 100 security at all times. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the security of information stored on or transmitted to or from our services. We cannot assume responsibility or liability for unauthorized access to our servers and systems. When disclosing any personal or protected health information, you should remain mindful of the fact that it is potentially accessible to the public and,consequently, can be collected and used by others without your consent. Accordingly, you should consider carefully if you want to submit sensitive information that you would not want disclosed to the public and should recognize that your use of the Internet and our sites and services is solely at your risk. You are ultimately responsible for maintaining the secrecy for all your personal information, including your protected health information. Except as provided in aBusiness Associate Agreement between us and a healthcare provider, we have no responsibility or liability to anyone for the security of your personal or protected health information transmitted via the Internet.  
0 	 Steps You Can Take    Install malware detection programs that regularly scan your system and incoming traffic for malicious code such as computer viruses, worms, Trojan Horses and spyware. Because viruses and malware are continuously created and modified, regular malware protection software typically requires frequent updates. 
0 	Use a firewall to prevent unauthorized access to your device. 
0 	Because malware often targets vulnerabilities in existing operating systems, browsers, plug-ins and other programs, software vendors frequently update their products with security patches to guard against known or commonly exploited vulnerabilities. Vendors often try to alert their users and recommend immediate installation of these security patches. 
0 	Use a strong password using a combination of letters and numbers that are not easily guessed. Do not share your password with others. 
0 	If you use a shared device, always close all active programs and log out before leaving it unattended. 
0 	Avoid using a public wireless network, if possible. If you do use a public network, use the most restrictive wireless network settings on your device. 
0 	If you use file-sharing programs, be sure to restrict all other folders or directories to "no share". 
0 	Be very cautious with any email requesting you to share personal information. On websites, look for the lock symbol on or near your browser's address bar which signifies a secure website before supplying personal information. 
0 	When participating in one of our communities, blogs, forums, surveys or other open communication platforms, exercise care in selecting what information you share, particularly personal or health information. 
0 	 Linked Websites and Services    Our sites and services may link to other sites or services operated by our affiliates or third parties, and may carry advertisements or offer content, functionality, newsletters, contests or sweepstakes, or applications developed and maintained by third parties. We do not exercise control over third party sites or services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any such third parties. Once you leave our sites or services via a link, enable a third-party service, or click an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third-party's site or service. The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices.  
0 	We may also provide social media features on our sites and services that enable you to share personal information with your social network(s) and to interact with our sites and services. Depending on the features, your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of personal information about you. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the social media site(s) with which you interact.  
0 	 HIPAA    Our sites and services may include collection, transmission and storage of protected health information you submit for healthcare providers or that healthcare providers submit to us and is subject to special rules under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 or "HIPAA". Our use and disclosure of your protected health information or a healthcare providers data that you or the healthcare provider submits with certain sites and services, is governed by HIPAA.  
0 	 Use and Disclosure of Your Protected Health Information    When you use certain services (for example, appointment request) all protected health information that you submit is used and disclosed by us as a Business Associate (as defined by HIPAA) according to the terms of a Business Associate Agreement between us and that healthcare provider. This means that we may only use and disclose your protected health information on behalf of, or to provide services to, the healthcare provider according to the Business Associate Agreement. There are three exceptions to this use and disclosure rule. We may use and disclose your protected health information (i) for our internal management and administration; (ii) to carry out our legal responsibilities; and (iii) to perform certain data aggregation services for the healthcare provider and other healthcare providers; provided that, any disclosures for our internal management and administration or to carry out our legal responsibilities are either required by law or made after we obtain reasonable assurances from the person to whom the protected health information is disclosed that it will be held confidentially and used or further disclosed only as required by law or for the purpose for which it was disclosed to that person.  
0 	Some of the services for a particular healthcare provider may be provided by our subcontractors. The subcontractor must comply with the same terms and conditions for the protected health information that apply to us as a Business Associate of the healthcare provider.  
0 	As a Business Associate of a particular healthcare provider, we may be permitted to de-identify your protected health information created or received by us for that healthcare provider. This de-identified information must be created according to criteria prescribed by HIPAA so that there is no reasonable basis to believe that this information can be traced back to you. We may use and disclose any such de-identified information in the same manner as personal information under this privacy policy.  
0 	The descriptions in this privacy policy of the HIPAA responsibilities and obligations of Internet Brands and any subcontractor do not provide any right to you under this privacy policy, HIPAA, or any other law.  
0 	 How to Access, Change, or Remove Your Protected Health Information    To comply with HIPAA, your healthcare provider must provide you with rights in certain circumstances with respect to your protected health information. Very generally described, these rights are a right to restrict the uses and disclosures of, a right of access to, a right to amend, and a right to receive an accounting of, the disclosures of your protected health information. These limited rights will be described in detail in the healthcare provider's notice of privacy practices. If you wish to restrict the uses and disclosures of your protected health information, amend, or receive an accounting of the disclosures of your protected health information, then you must do so through your healthcare provider.  
0 	Please note that you are not entitled to review the content of another user's account. Accordingly, if you have used our sites and services to share personal information with another user or other party, you will not be able to access,update or delete that shared information pursuant to this privacy policy. Please also note that other users may submit personal information that identifies you. You will also not be able to access, update or delete that information pursuant to this privacy policy. In either case, certain users . such as healthcare providers . may be required underHIPAA and other applicable laws or regulations to retain such information for extended periods of time.  
0 	Upon termination of our Business Associate Agreement with a particular healthcare provider, we generally must return or destroy all protected health information received on behalf of or created for that particular healthcare provider and then maintained in any form by us or a subcontractor. If you engaged in our sites and services with that healthcare provider, any protected health information that you submitted with our sites and services or otherwise maintained by us or a subcontractor in connection with our sites and services will be returned to the healthcare provider or destroyed by us or such subcontractor. This means that until the Business Associate Agreement is terminated with that healthcare provider, we or a subcontractor can use and disclose your protected health information as described in the "Use and Disclosure of Your Protected Health Information" section above.  
0 	 Children's and Minor's Privacy    Our sites and services are intended for general audiences and are not targeted to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 or utilize plug-ins or ad networks that collect personal information through child-directed third party websites or online services. If you are under 13, please do not disclose or provide any information. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under 13,we will take steps to promptly delete the information. Should this policy change, we would comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, which requires us to notify and obtain consent from a parent or guardian before we collect, use and disclose the personal information of children who are under 13 years of age.  
0 	Unless our sites and services contain the "Privacy Rights for California Minors in the Digital World" supplemental terms, our sites and services do not collect age from users under 18. If you reside in California and are a minor (you are under 18 years of age) and you are using a site or service that collects your age as a registration requirement and you submit content, please follow the instructions on the supplemental terms to request removal of public content.Please note that this removal does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information posted on our sites and services if the content you posted has been shared or reposted. We are only obligated to remove content that you post, where you posted it. There are certain circumstances in which we do not have to remove your content, including if any other state or federal law requires us to maintain the information, we anonymize the content by removing identifying characteristics, or we paid you for the content you posted. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, our services may allow users above the age of 18 (such as healthcare providers, parents and guardians) to submit personal information about others, including minors. Such users assume full responsibility over their submission, use and transmission of such information.  
0 	 International Users    We are headquartered in the United States. Our sites and services are hosted and administrated in the United States or hosted with cloud service providers who are headquartered in the United States and are intended for users in the United States. If you are located outside the United States, be aware that information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of our sites and services may be processed in, transferred to and stored in the UnitedStates and will be subject to U.S. law. U.S. privacy and data protection laws may not be equivalent to the laws of your country of residence. By using our sites and services or providing us with your information, you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to and in the United States.  
0 	 California Privacy Rights    We do not share personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure, typically by "opting in" to receive information from a third party that is participating in a sweepstakes or other promotion on one of our sites, for example. If you ask us to share your personal information with a third party for its marketing purposes, we will only share information in connection with that specific promotion since we do not share information with any third party (other than our service providers) on an ongoing basis. To prevent disclosure of your personal information for use in direct marketing by a third party, do not "opt in" to such use when you provide personal information on one of our sites.  
0 	Users residing in certain jurisdictions, like California, have a right to access personal information held by us about them and their right of access can be exercised in accordance with applicable law. California law requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California residents asking about the business's practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. Alternately, such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes if the resident has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing. We have such a policy in place.  
0 	California residents may request further information about our approach to this law by writing to us. When writing to us, you must put the statement "Your California Privacy Rights" in the body or subject line of your request, and include (i) the name of the site about which you are contacting us, (ii) any unique site identifier associated with you (like member number or forum handle), (iii) your name, and (iv) your contact information. Please submit requests using our Privacy Contact form and allow 30 days for a response. We will not accept requests via the telephone, mail, or by facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.  
0 	 Contacting Us    If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy or our practices you can contact us or write to us at Internet Brands, Inc., Privacy Office, 909 N. Sepulveda Blvd., 11th Floor, El Segundo, California 90245 U.S.A. Please be sure to identify the specific website, software, or service about which you have a question or concern and how we can contact you.  
0 	 Changes to This Privacy Policy    We may revise this privacy policy from time to time and, if we do, we will update it on this page and modify the "LastUpdated" date. If our information practices change in a significant way, we will provide a more prominent notice.Because our privacy policy can change at any time, we encourage you to reread it periodically to see if there have been any changes that affect you. If you disagree with any changes to this privacy policy and do not wish your information to be subject to the revised privacy policy, you will need to deactivate your account or terminate your services. Your use of our sites and services following any such change constitutes your agreement that all information collected from or about you through our sites and services after the revised privacy policy is posted will be subject to the terms of the revised privacy policy.  
0 	Last Updated: October 3, 2014 s  
0 	Privacy Statement  
0 	Last Updated on May 22, 2015  
0 	New Orleans Tourism Marketing Corporation ("NOTMC" or "We") has created this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain our personal information collection practices and your options regarding such data. The Privacy Policy applies to your access and use of the NOTMC Websites (as defined in our Terms of Use), mobile applications and other online programs ("Online Services"). By using or downloading any of our Online Services, you are agreeing that you have read and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If you disagree with any part of this Privacy Policy, please do not use any of our Online Services.  
0 	NOTMC controls and operates its business and Online Services from within the United States of America. Our online privacy practices are governed by the laws of the United States and the State of Louisiana, which may differ from privacy laws in your state or home country. By submitting your personal information to us through the use of our Online Services, you consent to the transfer of your personal information to any country and its use and disclosure in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable U.S. federal and state laws.  
0 	We may change our Privacy Policy, so please check this page from time to time, as your continued use of the Online Services after we publish our changes, indicates your acceptance of any changed terms. You can tell when the Privacy Policy was last updated by reviewing the "Last Updated" date at the top of the page.  
0 	You can jump to specific areas of our Privacy Policy by clicking on the links below, or you can read on for the full Privacy Policy:   Information We Collect   How We Use Personal Information We Collect   How We May Disclose Personal Information We Collect   How We May Use or Disclose Other Information We Collect   Your Options   How We Protect Your Personal Information   Cookies   Social Networking and Third Party Sites   California Users' Privacy Rights   Children's Online Privacy   International   Contact Us  
1 	 Information We Collect    Whether you access our Online Services from your computer, smart phone, tablet or other mobile device, NOTMC and its agents may collect some information that identifies you or relates to you as an individual ("Personal Information"), such as your name, mailing address, telephone number, e-mail address, user name and password (for account administration), device ID, including IP address, geolocation (if using a mobile application and you consent to providing it), and additional personal information necessary for the administration of certain promotional events.  
1 	In addition, we may collect other types of data ("Other Information") that do not reveal your identity or that do not relate directly to you or any other individual, such as Web browser and device information, including operating system, demographic information and other information provided by you that we may combine with other users of our Online Services or use on its own, mobile application usage data, aggregated information such as "click stream" information such as entry and exit points for our Online Services (including referring URLs or domains), certain Online Services traffic statistics, page views, and impressions, and information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies described in more detail later in this Privacy Policy. In addition, when users request pages on our Online Services, our servers automatically log the IP address of the particular user. The IP address is a unique number assigned to your computer in order to identify it whenever you are surfing the web.  
1 	 How We Use Personal Information We Collect    We may use Personal Information about you for purposes described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed to you through our Online Services. For example, we may use Personal Information:  
1 	  to process and manage your requests for products and services, including newsletters, guidebooks, and other items  
1 	  respond to and/or fulfill your inquiries or requests, and to post your comments, ratings or statements on message boards or in our online discussion areas or forums  
1 	  create and deliver personalized promotions, including by combining your Personal Information with Other Information, such as the amounts and types of bookings or itineraries you make and discounts or benefits you use  
1 	  communicate with you by mail, telephone, facsimile, e-mail, mobile alerts and SMS text messaging about NOTMC or our affiliates, including communications about your itineraries or purchases, your services, accounts, sweepstakes or contests you enter, your requests for information or other items, and to update you about changes to our Online Services  
1 	  communicate with you, including by mail, telephone, facsimile, e-mail, mobile alerts and SMS text messaging, in connection with our marketing efforts, including sending you offers and promotions that you can take advantage of through our Online Services or at relevant physical venues around or near New Orleans and offer personalized collection, filtering, and delivery of information, including serving advertisements while you are visiting New Orleans.  
1 	  allow you to send communications or gifts (including through our mobile application) to friends or family through our Online Services (conditioned on your representation to us that you are permitted to use and provide us with the recipient's name and e-mail address;  
1 	  further our business or operational purposes, for example, data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention; and  
1 	  enhance, improve or modify our Online Services, to identify usage trends, determine the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and advertisements and to operate and expand our business activities.  
1 	NOTMC may send you "transactional or relationship" communications using various electronic communication, including email and mobile communications. "Transactional or relationship" communications may include, for example, notices to facilitate a recent transaction you have conducted or messages with information about your existing account. If, at any time, you decide you would rather not receive these types of communications from NOTMC, you can opt out by following the "opt-out" or "unsubscribe" or "STOP" instructions in the relevant communication or update the contact preferences for your NOTMC account.  
0 	Please note: You must opt in (i.e., expressly consent) to receive text messages (SMS) from NOTMC. Any such opt-in will be subject to this Privacy Policy and NOTMC will only send you SMS text messages if you opt in to receive them from us.  
0 	 How We May Disclose Personal Information We Collect    Your privacy is very important to us. We generally won't disclose your Personal Information to anyone outside of NOTMC, except in the following circumstances:  
0 	 Service Providers    We may disclose your Personal Information to third-party service providers to provide us with services such as website hosting, professional services, including information technology services and related infrastructure, customer service, e-mail delivery, auditing and other similar services.  
0 	 To Perform Services You Request    We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties in order to perform services you request, such as fulfillment of newsletter or guidebook requests, or functions you initiate, such as when you post information and materials on message boards and social media forums, including via Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, etc. Please note that when you post information in a public forum, it becomes public information.  
0 	In addition, we may disclose your Personal Information in order to identify you to anyone to whom you send communications or gifts through our Online Services.  
0 	 Corporate Changes    We may disclose your information to a third party in connection with a corporate reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock, including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings.  
0 	 Other Legal Reasons    In addition, we may use or disclose your Personal Information as we deem necessary or appropriate:     under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence;    to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence;    to comply with subpoenas and other legal processes;    to pursue available remedies or limit damages we may sustain;    to protect our operations or those of any of our Affiliates;    to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of NOTMC, you and others; and    to enforce our Terms of Use and any other terms and conditions.  
1 	 How We May Use and Disclose Other Information We Collect    Similarly, we generally use Other Information for any purpose not prohibited by law. In particular, we may collect, compile, store, publish, promote, report, sell, or otherwise disclose or use any and all Other Information, provided that such information does not personally identify you. Other Information that we collect generally will not personally identify you or be correlated to you individually for external purposes.  
1 	Where we combine Other Information with Personal Information in a way that can identify you or be used to identify you personally, we will treat that information as Personal Information, subject to the provisions of this Privacy Policy.  
0 	 Your Options    To manage and correct any factual inaccuracies in the information we have on file about you, please follow the directions in the e-mail or other relevant electronic communication you receive from us.  
0 	 How We Protect Your Personal Information    NOTMC has implemented reasonable safeguards designed to prevent loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of Personal Information provided or collected through our Online Services.  
0 	Unfortunately, no system or online transmission of data can be guaranteed to be 100% secure and you should always take appropriate security measures to protect your Personal Information, including ensuring that you have up-to-date antivirus software. If you believe that your NOTMC account or any information you provided to us is no longer secure, please notify us immediately using the Contact Us information provided below.  
0 	 Cookies    "Cookies" are small text files containing pieces of data that are placed in your computer's Web browser to store your preferences. Cookies are not themselves personally identifiable, but may be linked to Personal Information that you provide to us through your interaction with our Online Services. A Cookie will typically contain the name of the domain (Internet location) from which the Cookie has come, the "lifetime" of the Cookie (its expiration period), and a value (such as a randomly generated unique number).  
1 	 How We Use Cookies    NOTMC and its agents use Cookies so that we can improve your online experience - for example, by remembering you when you come back to visit the Websites, and making the content you see more relevant to you. Cookies also enable us to track online purchases made through our Online Services.  
0 	 Your Options for Cookies    Web browsers allow some control of most Cookies. Please consult your particular Web browser's settings. You can learn more about Cookies, see what Cookies have been set on your computing device and learn how to manage and delete them at allaboutcookies.org.  
1 	 Online Advertising    NOTMC also uses Cookies and other technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons and clear GIF files, to help manage our online advertising program. These technologies are provided by our advertising management partners and enable them to recognize a unique Cookie that has been placed on your Web browser, which in turn enables us and these advertising management partners to learn which advertisements bring users to our Online Services.  
1 	NOTMC and our advertising management partners also may use these technologies to track the actions of users of our Online Services, to measure statistics of our marketing efforts, and to deliver advertisements on our Online Services that may be more relevant to individual consumers and to otherwise improve the experience of consumers using our Online Services.  
0 	 Social Networking and Third Party Sites    When you link to our Online Services through any social networking or third party websites, applications or services ("Third Party Services"), please remember that you are also bound by the privacy policies of such Third Party Services, and NOTMC does not control and therefore is not responsible for the privacy practices of such Third Party Services. You should consult the privacy policies of such Third Party Services to understand their information practices.  
0 	 Your California Privacy Rights    If you live in California and have an established business relationship with us, you can request a list of the personal information we have shared with third parties for their marketing purposes. We will also give you a list of the third parties that have received your information. You can make a request one time each year. To exercise your rights, you can contact us by email at online@notmc.com or as set forth in the Contact Us section below. Please be sure to mention when you contact us that you are making a "California Shine the Light" inquiry. We will respond within 30 days.  
0 	 Children's Online Privacy    NOTMC does not target children and does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13). When a user discloses personal information on our Online Services, the user is representing to us that he or she is at least thirteen (13) years of age.  
0 	If you are the parent or guardian of a child under the age of thirteen (13), who you believe has provided NOTMC with personally identifiable information through our Online Services, please e-mail us at online@notmc.com so that we can delete the child's information from our records.  
0 	 International    This English-language Privacy Policy is NOTMC's official statement of our privacy practices. In case of any inconsistency between this English-language Privacy Policy and its translation into any other language, this English-language document will take precedence over such translation.  
0 	 Contact Us    If you have any questions regarding our NOTMC's privacy practices, please do not hesitate to contact us as follows:   E-mail: online@notmc.com   Telephone: (504) 524-4784   U.S. Mail: 2020 St. Charles Ave., 4th Floor, New Orleans 70130  
0 	PRIVACY POLICY   This Privacy Policy explains what information is collected via the Mohegan Sun website located at mohegansun.com, why the information is collected and how it is used. Mohegan Sun does not share or sell your personal information to anyone. Mohegan Sun does not participate in any format of SPAM and will not send any unsolicited emails.  
1 	Information Collected Online   The information collected online is used for email broadcasts utilizing tailored information upon the request of a visitor. Information received such as name, email address, home address and data collected regarding areas of interest is stored in a database. The database is available for Mohegan Sun's usage only and is not shared with anyone. None of the information collected is sold or shared with any third party and is available only to specific Marketing Managers at Mohegan Sun. Anyone receiving email updates from Mohegan Sun that wish to be removed should immediately click on the "unsubscribe" link which is included in every email correspondence that is transmitted from Mohegan Sun.  
1 	Information Collected at Mohegan Sun   In addition to the information collected online, patrons may sign up to become a Momentum member upon visiting Mohegan Sun. All personal information collected at any Player's Club booth including name, address, phone number and email address is placed in a database that is not shared or sold with any third party.  
0 	Management of User Information   Certain information, such as address or email address, can be updated or corrected simply by calling Customer Service at 1.888.777.7920.  
0 	Special Note About Children   This site is not intended for children. Children may use this site only with the direct supervision of their parent or legal guardian. We do not attempt to collect any data or personal information from children. Any parents or guardians who are aware of children submitting information should notify us at once of the specific information so that we may remove them from any mailing lists. All recipients of any online promotions must be 21 years of age or older. Age is verified upon contact of the specified winner.  
0 	If You Have a Question   If you have a question regarding any of the above information, please contact us at the following email address and we will be happy to get back to you. Contact information@mohegansun.com  
0 	You may also contact us by mail using the address below.   1 Mohegan Sun Boulevard Uncasville, CT 06382 For General Information: 1.888.226.7711 For Hotel Reservations: 1.888.777.7922
